Now we have four-month-old mice,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
According to warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, Professor of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and Chairman of Clinical and Scientific Department of Canadian Diabetes Association, research is still at an early stage.
As some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not concern people with type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, October 9, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee at the Swedish Academy, announced on Sveriges Radio that the committee had been unable to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2016.
Danius said: "At the moment we don't do anything. I called and sent emails to his closest employee and received very friendly answers. At the moment that, of course, is enough.
Ring co-founder Jamie Simpson said the company started with the fact that he didn't hear the doorbell in his garage.
 " # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance in the show "Shark Tank" in 2013, where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017 Siminoff appeared on the trade channel QVC.
Ring settled the legal case with its competitors, the security firm ADT Corporation.
While there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce mortality from Ebola virus, so far no drug has shown any clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but official studies have shown that it has a lesser benefit in preventing death than was expected previously.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control, which is why they used it as the basis for comparison.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter from the US Olympic Committee and agrees that creating a safe environment for all our athletes is an absolute necessity.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that the interests of our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more closely correspond to reform within our organization, rather than cancellation of its certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would allow the facts to be established and to draw the necessary conclusions.
The United States Gymnastics Federation and the United States Olympic Committee share the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes, so that they could pursue their goals in a safe, positive environment and were afforded all rights.
In 1960s, Brzezinski was a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976, he was Carter's national security adviser. Then, from 1977 to 1981, he was national security adviser, replacing Henry Kissinger.
As a National Security Adviser, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the Camp David Accords of 1978, normalizing Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, formulating policy on Iran's revolution in 1979, leading to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979
This film featuring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has been nominated in all major categories." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
Gollner and Stone were nominated for best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to the other categories: "Best Picture", "Director", "Operator", "Cinematography", "Costume Design", "Editing", "Original Music", "Sound", "Original Screenplay", "Sound Editing", "Sound Design
Two songs from the movie — Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories — more than any other studio.
Late on Sunday evening, President Donald Trump through his press secretary said that the US military would withdraw from Syria.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In addition, Turkey will play a leading role in the question of protecting the captured ISIS fighters, which, according to the statement, European countries did not agree to return home.
It is not only confirming that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not available from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
The scientists say that the plumage of this bird was of a golden-brown color on top, and a pale or yellowish color on the bottom.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed quill, called rhachis, but still have other distinguishing features — beaks and beaks — the researchers concluded that rhachis probably developed later by evolution.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display.
The researchers hypothesized that despite the fact that this tail is the tail of a young dinosaur, this specimen has feathers of an adult bird, not the fluffy feathers of a chick.
Last night at the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey) was set on fire a car, in which two policemen and more than 20 people were injured.
The governor's office reported that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
The police said that the suspected terrorist was involved in the attack.
They found out that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: it was concluded that the activity of all stars in the system is determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else." #
The total luminosity and rotational velocity are used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The number of Rossby is less, the less active the star is in respect to the magnetic field reversals.
Iwasaki often got into trouble during his travels.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a mad dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
Standard 802.11n works on both frequencies – 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual-receiver.
802.11n significantly faster than its predecessors with theoretical maximum transmission speed of 600 Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two under-aged children, did not impress Miller, who had heard this story.
When the Miller asked for comment, he said, "Mike talks a lot during hearings... I was prepared, so I didn’t really listen to what he was saying.
We will take steps to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 compared to 2005 levels.
He did not give a figure for budget cuts, saying that they would be made in accordance with the economy’s performance.
Hu called developing countries to avoid the old scheme, in which they first pollute, and then clean up.
He added that "they should not be asked to take on commitments which exceed their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented their report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan for action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive authorities in relation to Iraq and a strong call for immediate change of course.
First among 78 recommendations is that we should implement a new diplomatic initiative by the end of this year to strengthen the Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention, and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs.Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency in the Argentine theater, the same place where she began her presidential campaign in the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the amount of money that should be spent on providing material support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives in jest called "New Orleans deal" by the president.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that the contracts for restoration works were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people came to Rome to visit the funerals.
The number present was so great that not all could get to the square of St. Peter, where the funerals were taking place.
Large television screens were installed in different parts of Rome, so that people could watch the ceremony.
Like platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organised in many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past policy of the FBI for the fact that it allocated a large part of resources to cases that are easy to be solved, especially on cases of car theft, with the aim of increasing the level of success
The Congress began funding the initiative to combat pornography in 2005 tax year and determined that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to combat adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa has scored the most points in an inning: 70 runs for just 41 serves, dealt 11 quaffles and 2 sixes.
The middle-distance strikers Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid performed well and earned a score of 100 in tandem.
However, after the loss of the Indian captain, only 36 runs were made, losing 7 gates to finish innings.
The EFE reports that US President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore at 7:00 am on 16 November, starting his weekend trip to Asia.
His greeted Deputy Premier of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats in the mid-term elections, Bush announced that he was expanding trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for consideration by the party caucus before the second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with Leader of the New Democratic Party Jack
Leading the Conservative Party, she asked for changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since then, the federal government intervened and took on the financing of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the Government of Tasmania and some members of the federal parliament criticized this action as a ruse in the preparation for federal elections which will
But Prime Minister John Howard said that it was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the government of Tasmania by way of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest monitoring data, the sea level observations indicated the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Pahoa and Niue.
The Tonga government did not receive any serious damage reports or casualties, but there was a temporary power outage that prevented the Tonga government from receiving a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC).
Thirteen schools on the Hawaiian islands, located on the coast or near it, were closed on Wednesday despite the cancellation of warnings.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The US representative to the UN, Gordon Johndro, called the North Korean promise "a big step towards the goal of achieving verifiable nuclear disarmament in the Korean Peninsula.
Today in the Atlantic Ocean formed a subtropical cyclone Jerry, this is the tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at this time, Hurricane Jerry does not pose any threat to land.
According to the head of the US Engineers, 6 inches of rainfall could break through damaged dams.
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded at 20 feet during Katrina, is now at least half-submerged because the levee, which is nearby, was not high enough to hold back the water.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The administrator of Commons Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment at the deletions in his conversation in the past month with Wikinews.
He lied to us from the beginning. First, acting as if it was necessary to do so for legal reasons. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until he was removed the images.
The public outrage has led to the development of a regulation regarding the content of sexually explicit material for this site, which contains millions of media files with open licenses.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to mimic observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect that the team was looking for may be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
Like the Moon attracts Earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way affect the galaxy in the Sign of the Scorpion.
Researchers have concluded that dark matter affects dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a significant portion of the dark matter around the galaxy is located in the form of an aura and consists of a large
In the news on television is reported about white smoke coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station to stay in the rooms, turn off the air conditioners and not drink water from the tap.
According to the Nuclear Management Agency of Japan, at the plant were found radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities are assuming that this indicates a possible leak and a rupture in the containers containing the uranium fuel on the site.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll discovered XDR-TB with exceptional resistance to drugs.
In an interview he said that the new strain "causes very great concern, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were health care workers in the hospital.
In one year an infected person can infect up to 10 to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of patients with TB is still low; 6000 of 330 000 infected in the current time in South Africa.
Satellites, each weighing more than one thousand pounds and moving at a speed of approximately 17 500 miles per hour, collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
They still try to determine how big the collision was and how badly the Earth will be damaged.
The Strategic Command of the US Department of Defense is looking for the remains of the plane.
Results of Analysis graphs will be posted on the public website.
The charge of murder will be brought against the doctor who worked at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, state police in Ohio said.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the ground next to the road in a T-shirt and underwear and, apparently, in a state of strong drug intoxication.
She sent officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which lay 500 feet away.
They found the body of Saroj Balasubramanian, covered with bloody blankets.
Police said that the body was there for about a day.
First cases of the disease in this season were reported in July.
Transmitters are swine, from which the disease is transmitted to humans through mosquitoes.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as setting up traps for pigs in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare health facilities for the next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines in the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
Slan moved to Sweden in 1956, where he worked for the Swedish Post Company for three years, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is so well known for its quality and detail, that he is one of the few "nicknames" among stamp collectors. Some specialize only in collecting his
His magnificent thousand-mark of the year 2000 reproduces "Great deeds of the Swedish kings" David-Cleek-Ernest, it is entered into the Guinness Book of
In addition, he was engaged in the engraving of banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his work are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada denomina
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 

The car was removed from the accident scene the same day around 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage near the place where the accident happened said: "There were children waiting to cross the road. They were crying and screaming.
All fled from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda at Bali include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technology to help developing countries with lower environmental impact.
The UN hopes to complete the creation of a fund to help countries suffering from global warming, to fight its effects.
These funds can be used to build houses that are resistant to floods, wise use of water resources and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about women's health have failed.
She came to this conclusion because of the numerous positive comments and support she received from women and men who argued that contraceptives should be considered as a medical necessity.
When the fight ended, after the injured were taken to hospital, about 40 prisoners remained in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to improve the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are not clear.
 Between 10:00 and 11:00 pm in the mountain time, prisoners set a fire in the yard.
In a short time, guards in protective gear passed into the yard and locked the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
In the end, the fire brigade extinguished the fire at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, the seasonal floods spread by the river deposits ceased.
This sediment was needed to form beaches and sandy shores, which were habitats for wildlife.
This led to the extinction of two types of fish, and two others, including the toothed pike, were at risk of extinction.
Despite the fact that the water level will rise only a few feet, the authorities hope that this will be enough to restore the washed-out sandbars below the river.
There were no tsunami warnings and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the magnitude of the earthquake was not higher than 6.5.
Despite the absence of tsunami threat, residents started panicking and leaving their companies and their homes.
But she was ready to shed a tear during the farewell, and she let her fans know that she would be back.
This won't be a farewell. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have been announced by the President of the Republic, His Excellency Hifikepunye Pohamba.
The ruling party of the Organization of the Peoples of the South‐West Africa (SWAPO) also retained majority in the legislative elections.
The Afghan and coalition forces moved to the area to protect the target, and another aircraft was sent to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is believed that it was the result of enemy fire.
The attempts to locate the crash site come to a halt because of bad weather conditions and difficult terrain.
The Medical Charitable Organization Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization have declared this the strongest outbreak in the history of the country.
Representative of the "Doctors without Borders" Richard Winman said: "Angola is heading towards its worst outbreak in years, and the situation in Angola
The games started at 10:00 in beautiful weather, and if not for the occasional drizzle that quickly passed, it was a perfect day for rugby-7.
The South Africans started the tournament with a bang, winning 26-00 over Zambia, which is currently in fifth place.
Looking clearly worse in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa still improved its performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by a disciplined defense, mastery of the ball and a great team effort, and it was clear that they would be difficult to beat.
Official representatives of the Dutch government and the Anne Frank House declare that the tree is infected with a fungus and constitutes a public danger because there is a direct threat
His plan was to be cut down on Tuesday, but the court of emergency had decided to save it.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave named "Seven Sisters" is not less than 100 - 250 meters (328 - 820 feet).
According to infrared images the night and day temperatures tell us that it is likely caves.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of the large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they correspond to the deep pits in the ground, - said Glenn Cushing, a planetary geologist from the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, the voting is traditionally low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in the booth and puts the previously printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate chosen, in the envelope.
After the officials verify the identity of the voter, he drops the envelope in the voting box and signs the voters’ list.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988 onwards, the ballot boxes should be transparent so that voters and observers could be sure that at the beginning of voting there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes added to them other than those of those people who were allowed to vote and whose votes were counted properly.
Candidates can send their representatives to watch the whole process. At night, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict medical supervision according to a special procedure.
ASUS Eee PC series, previously presented in the world with an orientation on such factors as cost savings and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
The consumer market for laptops will change radically after the award of the company ASUS Taiwan for stability by the People’s Republic of China in 2007." #
The station website describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and shockingly devoted POV!".
From the beginning of its existence, this show was only broadcast on the website of a long-established online radio TogiNet Radio, dedicated to radio
At the end of 2015 TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
Originally, the show was acted by amateurs from the East Texas.
According to what was reported, mass looting continued all night, because there were no policemen in the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being in a state of anarchic chaos, as people ran about the streets and looted shops with consumer goods.
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of lawlessness.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three Nations Cup on the Royal Bafokeng stadium in Rustenburg,
The final score was a one-point victory, 21-20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
Spingbox" has broken a five-game losing streak.
This match was the last for "All Blues", already winning the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be played in Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks play Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
The USGS and its National Seismic Information Center did not receive any urgent reports of damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-east of Dilloun and about 65 km (40 miles) south-east of
It has been confirmed that the H5N1 avian influenza strain, fatal to humans, was infected by a dead wild duck found in the Lune riverside in east France on
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Cumberland filed a lawsuit against God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
The Anglican theologian William Wilberforce argued that his suit was "not serious" and "anyone can sue anyone for anything.
The story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, tells of a painter, "whose life is controlled by drugs and Japan.
In the end, the actors smoke marijuana joints on stage, and the theatre encourages the audience to join.
Former Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congressman Michael Bachmann took the fourth, fifth and sixth places respectively.
After the results became known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but harshly criticized Romney, from whose name in Iowa was broadcast negative information against Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas, "to evaluate the results of today's party convention and determine whether or not I should continue the race," but later said he would continue the race and be a candidate in the South Carolina primary on January 21.
Bashman, who won in the August poll in the city of Ames, decided to end her campaign.
Photographer was brought to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he later died.
According to reports, he was 20 to 30 years old. In his statement, Bieber said: "While I was not present at the tragic incident and did not directly engage in it, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
A website called TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the stop by police, before he crossed the street and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic twice had to order him to return." #
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer, most likely, will not be charged with a criminal offense.
In view of the fact that in one day one could win only eighteen medals, a number of countries did not manage to be crowned with the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Anna-Lena Johaug, who finished ninth yesterday in the women’s super-G standing in the super-G, and Finland with Kaisa Saarisen, who finished tenth in the same event
Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish 11th in the men's standing super-G competition. Czech Oleg Elynek came to the finish 16th in the men's standing super-G competition.
Aly Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the supergiant standing. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the supergiant standing.
The Polish skier Maciej Krezel and the athlete-leader Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the super giant among men in sitting position.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010, are accused of spreading a disease that began nearby their military camp.
According to the complaint, the waste from the United Nations camp did not pass proper sanitation, resulting in the bacteria entering the river Artibonite, one of the largest in Haiti.
While the troops were not yet in the country, the government of Haiti had not faced problems with this disease since the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy cited an independent study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti accidentally brought disease to Haiti.
Daniel Landa, the UN expert on this disease, said that the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the Howard University Hospital in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of Ebola virus infection have been reported.
In the hospital, the infection control protocol was observed, including separate care of the patient, to prevent possible infection of other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on several jobs on several shows.
In the 1980s, he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "Funny Company", and "The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, along with Brooks and Groening, he helped create "The Simpsons" and was in charge of the first team of writers for that show." #
While he left the show in 1993, he remained a producer and still received paychecks of tens of millions of dollars.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that the plane was stolen.
Once it was reported that the plane was threatened with a bomb and it was turned back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
In early reports, the plane was returning to Afghanistan after being turned away from an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air disasters are a common occurrence in Iran, where the aging fleet of aircraft is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new aircraft.
A week ago, three people were killed and three others were injured in a police helicopter crash.
In the past year in Iran, the worst air disaster in years, when a plane crashed in Armenia, killing 168 people on board.
In the same month another airliner crashed outside the runway in Meshkat and hit the wall, killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
The band had to tour the USA and Canada from September 16 to September 16.
They canceled the tour after the lead singer Steve Tyler was injured during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving all the points in the set.
Del Potro had a early advantage in the second set, but it also required a tie-break after reaching 6-6.
At the moment, Potro was given medical aid for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The program began at 8:30 pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanju Sharma, followed by singer Jhaendralal. He accompanied the singer with the chhappan bhog bhajan.
Lakh Singh took on the leadership of bhajan singing.
The 108 chappanj bhog (in Hinduism — 56 different dishes, including sweets, fruits, nuts and other dishes, presented to the god) were served to
Lakkha Singh performed the bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal sang along with him.
President Nintendo Satoru Iwata presented design of new gaming console Nintendo Revolution at the main presentation "Tokyo Game Show" in Thursday.
In the controller, which looks like a TV remote control, there are two sensors, which are located next to the TV set of the user, which use to calculate his
By moving the device in the air, players will be able to control the actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after it began.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Fernando Alonso due to damage to the suspension caused by numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings", he said, referring to the transcript of the press conference.
I was completely sincere every time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after startup, the cabin camera showed how many pieces of insulating foam flew out of the fuel tank.
However, presumably they did not inflict any damage to the space shuttle.
The head of the NASA shuttle program, NASA Administrator Neil A. Armstrong, Jr., said that the foam broke off "after a period of time that gives us concern.
Five minutes before the fireworks began the wind increased, and within minutes the wind reached speeds of 70 kilometers an hour... Then began to rain, so heavy and large, as if you were being struck by needles, then from the sky fell a shower of hail, people were screaming and bumping into
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two disabled persons in wheelchairs, people just jumped over them and pushed them," — said Arman Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating in a standard condition.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. said there were no consequences of the earthquake and that the reactors No 1 and No 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to reports, about 9400 homes in the region remain without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas, railway and Niigata Airport are still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the general-governor.
Three more bombs were detonated near government buildings in the two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals that died after eating contaminated food for animals, there were found as cianuric acid, as
Researchers at the University of Utah reported that these two compounds react to form crystals that can block the kidneys." #
In the observations, the researchers found crystal formations, which occur in the cat's urine when added to cianuric acid and mela
Infrared Fourier spectroscopy was used to compare the crystals found in the urine of the infected animals with those found in
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but a great deal of the goods from Central America were imported into this country without
However, 80% of our goods were subject to tariffs in Central America.
It didn't seem to me to be a good idea; of course it wasn't fair.
I tell people that you will be treated like you treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law banning the sale or rental of video games that use violence against minors.
This legislation requires that computer games with violence sold in California must display a sticker on the box that says "18", and that the sale of games to minors is punishable by a fine of $1,000 for each offence." #
Today, the General Prosecutor of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Crown Prosecutor, made a statement about the launching of criminal proceedings against both Huw and Paul.
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Ministers will be replaced by Member of Parliament Ed Davy. It is expected that Member of Parliament Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister of Business.
The Honourable John Hume and Mr. Paul Price must appear before the Magistrates' Court of Westminster on Tuesday, 16 February.
Nicholas Alden, 25 years old, and Zacharie Caddebeck, 21 years old. Caddebeck was a driver.
Edgar Velilla received injuries to his hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
The weapon Uki failed to hit the head of the fifth man when it was pointed at him. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, his head has been reconstructed with titanium," #
Schneider gave statements via video link from the US Air Force base in his home country.
In addition to the competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter participated in two individual competitions at the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in which she did not reach the finish line. 36 of 116 participants had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the sitting position with a combined time of 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the winner of Austria, Claudia Letsch and on 1:09,02 slower than the winner of ninth
Four ladies in the seated group were unable to complete their runs and 45 of 117 skiers in giant slalom were unable to take places in the race.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The defendants have names, Baba Kandjar, Bhuta Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Vishnu Kandjar.
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanka said that the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Though inside the building at the time of the crash, there were three people, none were injured.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The road was temporarily closed, while emergency services were freeing the driver of the red Audi TT.
He was initially hospitalized in the James Pedeatt Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was transferred to the hospital at Addenbrooke’s in Cambridge.
The Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adeke with the murder of her son.
She is under detention awaiting the issuance of an accusation and the carrying out of a trial, but any testimony may be distorted because of her popularity was widely used by
This is a standard practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish courts work differently, and courts found the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson of the University of Dundee says that "journalists, I think, are really walking on the dangerous edge, publishing photographs and other information about suspects.
The Royal Prosecution Service, which generally handles court cases, said it would not make any further comment at least until a guilty verdict is handed down.
The document, according to leaks, will concern the border dispute between the State of Palestine and Israel that the Palestinians want to establish on the basis of those that existed prior to the Six-Day War
Other topics touched include the future state of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both peoples, and the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for the next ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PNA is willing to maintain such presence for five years only.
The shooters who took part in the additional test on pest control had to be closely watched by rangers because this test was being monitored and evaluated.
Within the partnership of NPWS and the Australian Sports Shooters Association (NSW) during the hunting program of the Association of Sports Shooters volunteers were recruited.
Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Wildlife and National Parks Service's Office of the Director of Public Safety, said four of the six people selected for the first shooting exercise had been trained and briefed on safety.
Yesterday, Martyi appointed a new Interim Electoral Council (IES) consisting of nine members.
It is the fifth CEP for Marty.
Last month the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Electoral Council to resign as part of the package of measures for the country to move to new elections.
The Commission was the response of Martelli to the mass protests against the state regime, which began in October.
The demonstrations sometimes accompanied by violence were caused by the failure to hold elections, some of which were due to take place in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPods faulty, resulting in six fires and four people suffered minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) has confirmed that it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
The Ministry of Economy, Labour and Industry has informed Apple of 34 additional cases of overheating that the company has called "minor".
In response, the MIA called the delay of the report by Apple "very deplorable.
On the morning of September 21, at 7:19 a.m. local time, a magnitude-7 earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said there were no reports of damage caused by the storm.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there were no signs of a tsunami.
The former Philippine policeman stole a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six people have been rescued, and at least six have been declared dead at this time.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took their place, because the old woman had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins went in the footsteps of his father and began his career in medicine.
Milos Bajic graduated from the University of Otago in 1959 and began working at the National Women's Hospital
When Liggins worked in the hospital, he started to investigate cases of premature birth.
His study showed that if you give the hormone, it will increase the development of the lungs of the fetus during
As reported by Xinhua, the State Bureau of Investigation found two flight recorders or, in other words, "black
Colleagues,
That’s what Tommi Drimmer said: "The Moon became the first Queen of Extreme. She was my first manager. The Moon died in the night of two moons. It’s such an unusual event as she herself. A
Dustin "Gladdas" Rathenells said: "The moon was just as crazy as I was... Possibly even more crazy... I love her and I will miss her... I hope she is in a better place."" #
Of the 1400 people surveyed in advance of the federal elections in 2010, the number of those who oppose the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent in 2008 compared to the previous year.
The Acting Prime Minister, Julia Gillard, during the 2010 federal election campaign expressed her opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of those surveyed agree with this viewpoint and want the Queen Elizabeth II to become the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29 percent of respondents believe Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent believe that it does not need this form of statehood.
The gold medallist at the Olympic Games was required to participate in the 100 and 200m freestyle and in three relay races at the Games of the Commonwealth, but because of his complaints about his physical condition, his fitness is now
He could not take the necessary medications for alleviating pain, because they are prohibited in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, 25 January, opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that several people confirmed this opening by using different hardware and software.
Cosmic comets may have been the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic substances that may form proteins and support life.
The scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, especially how the Earth was formed, because comets collided with the Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumono started his career as governor in the beginning of this year and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the past month.
He called these rumours "political babbling and stupidity.
He is supposed to be running for president in 2016
NextGen is a system that the US Federal Aviation Administration says will allow planes to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, and reduce carbon emissions.
She uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground-based radars, which will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
There is no additional transport to Wembley, there will not be any stops on the ground, apart from that there are no parking and pick-up points on the surface.
The fears of not having transportation caused the assumption that the game may have to be played behind closed doors without fans.
In the description of the study published in Thursday's Science, it is said that a new bird species has been discovered on the Ecuadorian Galápagos Islands.
Researchers at Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) have reported that due to the mating of the endemic Darwinian finch Geospiza fortes with the introduced conirostris finch Geospiza conirostris, a new species has
Gold can be shaped into any shape. It can be cast into very small forms.
It can be drawn in a thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be struck or rolled.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used for decoration of hand-painted illustrations in books - the so-called "frontispiece.
This is called pH of the chemical substance. You can make an indicator with the juice of red cabbage.
Tomato juice changes color depending on whether the acidity or alkalinity of the chemical is.
The pH-value is determined by the concentration of H ions (H in pH) of the chemical substance being studied.
Protons are electrons that have been separated from the hydrogen atoms. The hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron
Get a new mixture by mixing two dry powders in one container, then gently knead the mixture with wet hands to make a ball
Water on your hands will react with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a kind of shell.
In almost every house in the towns of Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro there was a toilet with a flush, connected to
Remaining sections of sewer systems were found in the houses of Minoan cities on the islands of Crete and Santorini in
Public toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia, and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
Satellite in space receives a call and almost instantly returns it back down.
The satellite was launched by a rocket. Astronomers use telescopes in space because the atmosphere of Earth obscures our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need a giant rocket that is over 100 feet tall.
The wheel has changed the world in an unbelievable way. The most important thing it has done for us, is given us a much easier and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, a car and many other means of transport.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, snakes and birds.
The secret of their success lies in the concept of niche, a special job that each cat performs, which keeps it from competition with other.
The lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called prides.
The pride contains one to three adult males, in close kinship, and females and offspring, which can reach up to thirty.
The females usually live together in the same family and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions herds behave very much like packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are very similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a complete athlete, tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump over long distances and pull with five strong men.
Tigers belong to the same genus (Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Ocelot love to eat small animals. If there is a chance, they will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds. Almost all animals, on which ocelot hunt, are much smaller than him.
Scientists believe that the otters follow the tracks of animals and find food by smelling its movement on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable movement. Owls track prey, blending into the surroundings, and then attacking the prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than they were previously in.
This new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes, compared to those that it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
As time goes by, as the new population begins to adapt to a new environment, it begins to look less and less like the rest of the population.
In time, through the millions of years, these two species will look so different that it will be impossible to say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, i.e. the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential consequence and a very significant part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe and take up carbon dioxide that we exhale.
Plants feed on the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The Mosasaurus was the most fearsome predator of his time, so he didn't fear anyone but other Mosasauruses.
His long jaws were covered with more than 70 sharp teeth, and there was a second row on the tongue, so that those who met him on his path, were doomed." #
We do not know for sure, but it is possible that his tongue was split in two. He ate large fish, sharks, other crustaceans, and he could have been
He also attacked all that was in the water; even the giant dinosaurs, such as the Tyrannosaurus, could not compare with him.
Although the vast majority of their food would be familiar to us, there were still some strange and unusual dishes served at banquets. For example, the boar, the peacock, the slugs and such a kind of rodent as a
There was another difference: while the poor people and women ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have joint feasts, during which they ate lying on their sides.
The diet of ancient Romans could not include products that were imported into Europe from America or Asia in the subsequent centuries.
In particular, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had tasted beef.
Babylonians built each god a main shrine, which was considered the dwelling of the god.
People sacrificed to the gods, and priests tried to please the gods on ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had an open courtyard and an inner sanctuary, into which the priests could enter only.
Sometimes the temples built special towers in the form of pyramids called "Ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Women were preparing in the yard; shops were open shelves, which are coming out on the street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
There were no great forests in the land of Canaan, so the wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In Scandinavian sagas is told that Erik the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder and that he moved further west and discovered Greenland and gave it the name.
But regardless of his discovery, there were already inhabitants of the Eskimos.
Although each of the countries was Scandinavian, there were many differences between the people, rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you can think that the Declaration of Independence had a map of the treasure.
But that is not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, that is not a treasure map.
The Declaration of Independence is written on the reverse side: "The Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4, 1776. The text is written in the bottom and upside down.
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that the large parchment document (size 293⁄4 by 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage.
So, it is quite likely that the note was added just as a note.
As a result of the operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated, but the south of France was still not liberated.
He was under the control of the Vichy French. These French, who had signed a peace with the Germans in 1940, worked together with the invaders instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks the Free French and the Americans liberated southern France and went to Germany.
Civilization is a collection of separate cultures, the inhabitants of which are a relatively large number of people living and working together, a society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen", and civitas, meaning "city" or "city-state". It also
Cities-states are the precursors of nations. Civilizational culture involves the transmission of knowledge through several generations, a continuous cultural presence and a transferable spread.
The small cultures often disappear, leaving no historical evidence, and so cannot be considered as authentic civilizations.
At the time of the American Revolution, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no power to levy taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the powers of the states, which often refused to cooperate and did not enforce its acts.
He also didn’t have the power to annul the tax legislation and rates of the states.
To amend the law requires unanimous approval of all states, but the states have so lightly regarded the central government that their representatives seldom appeared.
The Italian national team, along with Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup of FIFA.
The most popular sports are football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, roller hockey, ice hockey, roller skating and Formula One
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions. The residents of Italy from these regions participate in international competitions and Olympics.
In Japan there are about 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hokkaido), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Japan is often referred to as an archipelago from a geographical point of view.
Taiwan takes its origins many years ago, in the XV century, when European mariners passing by, recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa, or 
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their rice
In 1683, the forces of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire.
The coup was soon suppressed by Yuan Shikai, a Qing general who led the Chinese military in Korea. However, Japan, using the coup as an excuse, signed the Convention of Tientsin with
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three Windows Room.
Most of the buildings on the edge of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a more accurate idea of how they looked originally.
The restoration work continues and is still going on.
For example, the most popular format for static photos is 35 mm, and that was the dominant size of film on the sunset of the analogue era.
Today it is still made, but more important is that the aspect ratio of digital cameras inherited.
The 35-mm format is a bit confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and a height of 24 mm.
Aspect ratio
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Used too often and often mocked as a rule of thirds — it is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while preserving a certain degree of
It says that the best place to put the main object is at the intersection of lines that divide the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see example
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, becoming rich and powerful, became the object of attention.
On more than thousand years Christianity united European states despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her all-pervading power has touched every one - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church’s funds exist for this purpose.
The center of the church's power was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led to the question of whether the dogma was being observed.
In a short time after hostilities began Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated all-over the world international laws, laid down in several international agreements in the last two hundred
Britain has detonated international waters to prevent ships from entering whole sectors of the oceans, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because of the cautious reaction to this tactic, Germany expected a similar reaction to its unimpeded underwater military operations.
In the majority of the people and nations in the 1920s, there prevailed such attitudes as pacifism and isolation.
We wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
В 1884 году Тесла перебрался в Соединенные Штаты Америки, и принял предложение работать в компании Edison в городе Нью-Йорке.
He came to the United States with four cents in his pocket, a poem in his hand, and a recommendation from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas E
In ancient China, unique ways of denoting periods of time were used; each stage of China or each family in power was a particular dynasty.
In addition, there was a period of uncertainty between the reigns of each dynasty, which lasted for 60 years during the dynasties of Han and Qin.
In the period between the wars, there were many bloody battles between many noblemen vying for the throne.
The period of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in the great hall in the City of the E
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of a metrical system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people,
Also after the Revolution, opportunities for work opened up to all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because the ranks are based on qualities, not on origin.
French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that were not related to the worldly life. He often visited the cave known as "Hira" on the mountain "Nur" (light)
And the cave which is still standing up to nowadays, very vividly gives us an idea of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on the top of the mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to detect even to those who know about its existence. In the cave, the person is isolated from the outside world.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above your head and a multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world.
Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that still exists today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE and is one of the many great pyramids built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
Pyramid of Giza, or the Great Pyramid of Giza, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx." #
The Great Pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Cheops, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of the wives of Cheops and his relatives.
Sign of the intersection of the two lanes is a V, while the sign of the intersection of the two lanes with a slope or a square without a bottom side
Up" means that you should start at the tip of your finger and move your bow back, and "down" means that you should start at the place where your hand holds the bow and move it back.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
You may draw your own stroke, but remember that the stroke is printed musically, and it is usually best to follow it.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowd of women from the market forced back in Paris from Versailles, the King Louis XVI, Queen Marie-Antoinette, their two small children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people shouting threats to the king and queen.
The crowd of people forced the King and Queen wide open the windows.
At some point one of the participants in this mob waved his hand in the direction of the royal guard killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified queen.
The military expenditures of the Anglo-American imperialism on the conquest of the Philippines were paid by the Filipinos themselves.
They had to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and interest on the bonds, transferred by the Philippine government through banks in Wall Street." #
Of course, the profits earned by the long-term exploitation of the Filipinos were the main income of US imperialism.
To understand the Templars, you have to understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The period in which these events occurred is called the High Middle Ages, a period of European history that covers the period from 1000 to 1300 (1000–1300 AD).
The High Middle Ages replaced the earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of practical ideas, from the technological progress or technological imperative to a strict point of view that the fates of people are driven by the underlying logic of science and its
Many views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own properties,
For example, one could say that the automobile is an essential cause of the development of roads.
However, national road network is not economically viable for only a small group of cars, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of ownership.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received.
Romanticism in part included cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism geography formed people, and over time the customs and culture associated with the place of residence of the society were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris has been called the capital of fashion of the modern world, so Constantinople was considered the capital of fashion in the times of feudal Europe.
His fame as a center of luxury spread about 400 B.C. and continued until about 1100 A. D.
His status fell during the 12th century mainly because the Crusaders returned with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than those offered on the Byzantine markets.
At that moment and the transfer of the title of the Capital of Fashion from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 11th centuries and the 14th century.
At first clothes were influenced by Byzantine culture on the east.
But because of the slow communication channels, Western styles may lag by 25-30 years.
Own styles began to develop in Western Europe at the end of the Middle Ages. One of the greatest achievements of that time was the use of buttons for fastening clothes.
Natural agriculture is the agriculture that produces enough food for the farmer and his family.
Natural agriculture is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture that uses seeds from the plants that grow in the given ecosystem, along with the use of rotational grazing and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, farmers have been engaged in agriculture for the purpose of sustenance, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people who feel marginalized by society and allow them to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of the people from which it is composed.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual entity can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Representatives of a particular subculture often claim to be part of it through a symbolic and distinctive use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most widely used methods for illustrating the importance of socialization is illustrating several unfortunate cases when children due to lack of proper attention, unfortunate circumstances or deliberate cruel treatment did not contact with adults during their adulthood.
Those children are called "wild" or "unruly". Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such abdication of their child was the result of the rejection of parents
Children living on the streets, perhaps, experienced acute forms of violence or injury before fleeing or being abandoned.
Some of them were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild.
If he is raised entirely by animals instead of people, a wild child displays the same traits (in the physical limits) as the specific animal raised by him — for example, his fear or indifference to people.
As the project-based learning is more simple and interesting, scaffolding is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of training, but rather a form of help to those who are going through a new experience of training, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be as virtual as it is real. In other words, the teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolding, helping in learning, is embedded in the software and intended to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, with which the learner may have been too difficult to cope alone.
Children are often adopted by different reasons: from being abandoned to being abused and even extortion.
Children should not grow up in a situation where there is no upbringing, care and education, but they do.
We view the system as safe for children.
Our system of care should provide safe housing, loving parents, stable education and reliable healthcare.
Parental care should provide all the needs, which were not provided in the house, where they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of mass and interpersonal communication.
The Internet's unique features lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
So, it is suggested that "learning" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al.,
Personal involvement" and "long-term contact" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites
Video recording led to important discoveries in the field of microexpressions — movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that one can determine whether a person is lying by correctly interpreting his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people who have suffered brain damage can not understand speech, but can correctly assess the sincerity of the
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, such as domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the twentieth century have shown that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the set of visible variations.
Segregation and recombination with each generation sweep up variations between two pools.
In the savanna, the mammals with such a digestive system as that of man, are difficult to meet their nutritional needs by using the available plant resources.
Moreover, failing to do this will lead to such serious consequences as slow growth, malnutrition and, in the end, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins, found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as we are, if they are not prepared." #
In contrast, animal-derived food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also provides a rich source of proteins containing all the essential amino acids
That being said, it is not surprising that our forefathers decided to "protein" the problem in a similar way as it is solved by chimpanzees in the savanna
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional waking up during the normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short time (10–60 minutes).
This can be done with a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and still not wake you up completely.
If you find out that you are resetting your alarm clock while you are asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, which will wake you up to turn off the alarm
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (in particular, water or tea known as a diuretic) before going to bed that makes you get up to go to the toilet.
The amount of inner peace of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the presence of Chi in you. Everyone has the potential to attain absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can reach enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but was enriched with the path of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
The energy of Kundalini (the energy of enlightenment) is awakened through postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualization.
Yoga of the Gods. By visualization of various gods, cleansing of energy channels, opening of chakras and attainment of enlightenment.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, the differences regarding the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and the Cold War began.
She would last for the next 40 years. In it, they fought with real weapons, using indirect armies, on the battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places in the world.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defense was already breached, and the only hope was retreat and reorganization along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when more than 800 000 Soviet Red Army soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga peace agreement, the Soviet-Polish Pact of Non-Aggression,
The use of ships for transporting goods is, of course, the most efficient way of transporting large numbers of people and goods across oceans.
Work of sailors traditionally consists of providing the country’s ability to move its people and goods, and at the same time preventing the enemy’s ability to move its people and goods.
One of the most notable recent examples of this was the Atlantic Ocean during World War II. Americans attempted to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German naval fleet, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition had failed, Germany, probably, could have won Britain as well as other countries of Europe.
Cows, it is believed, were domesticated in the mountains of Zagros about 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and tribes left them to have milk, wool, meat and skin.
Home goats, as a rule, were kept in herds that wandered around hills or other pastures, where often looked after by the shepherds, who were usually children or teenagers, which is similar to the more common activity of the shepherd.
The roads for carriages were built in England in the 15th century.
While the wooden roads were merely laid parallel to the boards of wood, they allowed horses to carry larger loads and at a faster rate than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Spans were used for a long time to keep track of the rails. However, it became clear that tracks were more effective when laid with a layer of iron above.
This has become a common practice, but iron has led to greater wear on wooden wheels on wagons.
In the course of time, wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transportation was walking, people began to walk straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means straight man).
For their ancestors the australopithecines did not walk so naturally.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, it is possible that the sahelanthropus walked
We can start living more in the environment. We can become members of the environmental movement and even be activists to help at least a little bit ease the suffering of the future.
This is often like treating the symptoms of the problem. If we need not just a temporary solution, but a permanent solution, we need to find the root of the problem and fix it
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the impact of scientific and technological progress of humanity, and due to the overpopulation and extravagant lifestyle of people, the
After the Congress of July 4th, a manuscript draft signed by the chairman of the Congress John Hancock and secretary Charles Thompson was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap for several
In the night, 150–200 copies were produced, now known as "Danno's flyers.
The first public reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the front yard of Independence Hall on July 8,
July 6th one copy sent to George Washington, who 9th ordered to read it before his troops in New York. Copy arrived in London 10th August.
25 leaflets of Danley, known at present, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original manuscript copy has not reached us.
Many paleontologists believe that one of the dinosaur groups survived and survived to the present day. We call them birds.
They are often not considered dinosaurs, because they have feathers and can fly.
But there are still many things to say about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and teeth, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers used today are based on information processing, which is encoded as binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, so it is either 0 or 1. These are called "binary digits" or "bits", if you use computer jargon.
It may be difficult to diagnose an oral poisoning right away. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general to be diagnosed quickly.
The best sign of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medicine or toxic household chemical substance.
Read the label, where are given special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this particular poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to denote a group of insects.
This concept comes from ancient times bed bugs – insects, well adapted to parasitism on the human.
Predators and bed bugs are nest-forming species, adapted to life in the nest or the home of their owner.
According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, there are approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making MS the
Multiple sclerosis is a disease affecting the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the optic nerve.
Research shows that women are twice as likely to suffer from multiple sclerosis as men.
The couple may decide that raising a child is not in their best interests or the best interests of their child.
These couples can choose to create the plan of adoption for their child.
When a child is adopted or adopted, biological parents give up parental rights so that another couple can take the child.
The main purpose of science is to find out how the world is made, by applying scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
He is, however, not the only. Scientific investigations also follow experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and conducting observations.
Naturalist and philosophers turned their attention to the anti-Christian texts and especially to the Bible in Latin.
All scientific questions, including psychology, were adopted by Aristotle.
As knowledge of Greek language declined, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are significantly influenced by the presence of endogenous circadian rhythms and their production by biological clocks.
Rhythmic patterns, not simply a reaction to external periodic stimuli, have been recorded by most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomously oscillate over a period of time even without external stimuli.
The experiment of Hersh and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
They implanted their own DNA into the bacteria with the help of phages, i.e. viruses.
They conducted two experiments, labeling radioactive phosphorus DNA phage and radioactive iodine protein phage.
Mutations can cause a large number of different effects depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the affected segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germ line can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cancer or death.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who love to travel to the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the vicinity of the hotel are popular hiking, hunting, fishing and bird watching.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to work, and by their way pass those whose place of work is located in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in one way or another is connected to the personal car system and supports it.
Now science is pointing out that the enormous fossil fuel economy has had a major impact on one of the stable states of the biosphere that has supported evolution for many millions of years.
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why do transport systems get so many complaints, why they are constantly breaking down? Is it because transport engineers are incompetent? Or there are more fundamental reasons?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out within the study of transport flows.
It is difficult to study the traffic volume, because it is impossible to predict the behavior of the driver.
It is fortunate that drivers' behavior is usually systematic; thus, traffic flows in general have some systematicity and can be approximated mathematically.
To better understand the transport flow, we have established relationships between three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, designing and operating railway facilities.
Insects were the first animals to rise into the air. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
Most insects have the ability to fold their wings along the body, which gives them an advantage.
It provides them with more hiding places, where they can hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Many thought he was right, but many believed that the Solar System revolves around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars).
It seems reasonable to us, because we don’t feel that the Earth is moving, do you?
Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first largest river on earth. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon River is the widest river on Earth, sometimes reaching six miles wide.
20 percent of the water that flows from rivers on our planet to the oceans flows from the Amazon.
The main river of the Amazon has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It flows into thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids in Giza lasted until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids in Giza has never been surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egypt, they were amazed by the monuments created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of Vatican City is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the smallest population.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Italian is also the everyday language of most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Many people have known the basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and are relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that everything was composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, though he also supposed that they would pass into a new state, to produce what we see.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Metals include calcium and potassium. Of course, there are also metals such as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of such non-metallic elements as carbon.
Everything in the universe is made up of matter. All matter is made up of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so tiny that trillions of them can fit in the end of this sentence.
So the pencil has become a good friend for many people, when it was introduced.
It is sad that when new ways of writing came about, pencils lost their former status and they were less used.
Now people write messages on screens of computers, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
You can only guess what will happen to the keyboard with the appearance of more new technologies.
The atomic bomb works on the principle that for a large number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary
Like pushing a heavy cart up a hill. Then the re-splitting of the nucleus releases part of that energy.
Some atoms have unstable nuclei, meaning that they tend to decay under little or no influence.
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents.
She is thinner under the moon's seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side there may be more moon sea, because the crust is thinner there. The waves were easier to rise
Content theories focus on the search for what makes people act or might interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires which accumulate inside during their development.
The theories are concerned with what makes people want to do what they do, and what makes them do or not do certain things in their surroundings.
Two popular theories about content are the "Pyramid of Needs" and "Gertzberg's Theory of Motivation
As a rule, two types of behaviour can be observed when managers start to manage people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is the attempt to remain "his or her man" (or
Those who are unable to take unpopular decisions, discipline measures, evaluate results of work, distribute responsibilities and bring employees to responsibility.
At the other end of the spectrum, a person becomes an unrecognizable individual, who thinks that he must change everything that the team did and take it for himself.
The manager ultimately bears responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This conduct often leads to conflicts between leaders and other team members.
Virtual teams also apply the same standards of excellence as the normal teams, but there are some minor differences.
Virtual team members often serve as a point of contact for their direct physical group.
They are usually more independent than traditional team members, since their teams can meet in different time zones, which may not always be understood by local management.
The presence of a true "invisible team" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also a unique component of the virtual team.
Invisible Team" is a team of leaders, before which each participant reports. Invisible Team sets norms for each participant.
Why do organizations go through the tedious process of creating self-learning organizations? One of the objectives of the use of self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used across all functional units of the organization, creativity and ingenuity may be manifested.
In the end, a united effort by the organization to overcome the barrier can lead to a new innovative process that will be in the client's interest.
Before the organization can become innovative, the leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge exchange and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used to help organizations achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The data of neurobiology give physical evidence for the theoretical approach to studying consciousness. Thus, the field of study is narrowed, and it becomes much more precise.
Links between brain pathology and behavior are used by scientists in their studies.
It has long been known that various types of damage, injuries, traumas, lesions and tumors of the brain affect behavior and induce changes in some mental functions.
New technologies allow us to see and explore unseen structures and processes in the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for creating imitational models, helping us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although AI is strongly associated with science fiction, it forms a very important direction in computer science, which studies the behavior and learning of machines and "instilling" them intelligence.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Here are some of the examples that can be cited: control, planning and scheduling, response to diagnoses and questions from the client, as well as recognizing face, handwriting and voice.
These issues are dealt with in separate disciplines, which are aimed at solving the tasks we face in everyday life.
AI is currently used in economics, medicine, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Study tours are very important for any class. It is very often teachers want to take their students to places where buses cannot go.
The technology offers a solution by virtual tours. Students can view museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy beautiful art, sitting with their class.
It is also a great way to refresh your memory of the tour and to share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennet High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of their state, and each year the site is updated, but access to old versions is still available — they serve as a
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this usually changes because of the presence of audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the author of this blog begins to strive for perfection in his writing in order to avoid criticism.
Also, blogging, "students begin to better understand the world around them. Students are inspired to be smart and interesting, drawing attention to themselves (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that encourages collaboration and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
Using blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, as well as to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002).
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a huge number of art galleries and museums, opening the past and present of Canada.
The next to the south is Niagara Falls, and the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and its surroundings.
All of this and lots more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are seldom settled, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the population size: in the United States more black Americans than citizens in Canada.
East African islands are in the Indian Ocean near the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much bigger than other and is a unique continent in terms of wildlife.
Almost all of the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as beautiful beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 14th century, when Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India.
North of the region is Sahel, on the south and west - the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists are advised to say that they are married irrespective of their present marital status.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Women should be aware that cultural differences can make them feel that they are being pursued, harassed, grabbed by the hand and so on.
Stand up for what you believe in, even if it means standing alone.
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroeans as a strategic port, called Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the Kingdom of the Kongo, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The Sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and the Spanish traders who created here trading bases, named it Casablanca.
Casablanca - one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
There are many places around the old medina where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather goods, cigarettes and a whole range of trinkets, but all of this
GOMA is a tourist town on the eastern edge of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was buried by a volcanic eruption, which buried under its debris the main part of the city.
Goma is a relatively safe place, but it is always a good idea to check with the authorities in the North Kivu province before travelling outside of Goma.
This city is also the starting point for a hike to the volcano Niragongo, as well as a chance to see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can ride on a goma-goma (motorbike taxi). The normal price is 500 CFA francs for a short ride.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Today Tombuctu is a poor town, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List in Danger due to the threat of sand dunes.
One of the most important stops on the PBS program was made here.
This city is very different from other cities in the country, because it is predominantly Arab, not African.
Kruger National Park is located in the north-east of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique on the east, with Zimbabwe on the north, its southern
The park covers an area of 19 500 km2 and has 14 different ecosystems, each of which is home to different wildlife.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, this park has a daily fee for its protection and visitation.
Also may be a good deal to buy a Wild Card that allows you to visit national parks in South Africa or selectively, or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honor of the island of Hong Kong, the place many tourists consider the main focus of their attention.
The line of buildings forming the horizon of Hong Kong is compared to a sparkling column chart, emphasized by the waters of Victoria Harbour." #
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, you must leave the island and go to the coast of the Tsuen Wan peninsula, which is located opposite
The most developed districts of the city are concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the northern shore.
This is a place that was taken by British colonists, and if you're looking for evidence of colonial history on the land, this is a good place
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt in the world, extending from the coast to 80 kilometers (50 miles) inland in Bangladesh and India
Sundaram National Park was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The forest within the Indian territory is called the Sundaram National Park.
These forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sudanbarn covers an area of 3850 sq km, of which about a third is covered by water or swamps.
Sundaram is a nature reserve since 1966, and according to the latest estimates, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 spotted deer on the territory of the reserve.
The buses depart from the inter-district bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most of the buses heading east and to Jakar/Bumthang leave at 0
Because the inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to buy the ticket in advance.
Most of the districts are served by small Japanese buses, comfortable and reliable.
The bus is the quickest and easiest way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punokha (200 ngultrum).
The cable-stayed bridge over the Oyapock River is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges
The two towers reach 83 metres in height, and the bridge itself is 378 metres (120 feet) long and has two lanes of traffic with a width of 3.5 m.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced
The area of Chaco served as a home for various local tribes, such as the Guaycura and Paguaya, they survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
In the XVI century Paraguay, which previously was called "a vast province of the East Indies", was created as a result of the collision of Spanish conquistadors with native
The Spaniards began a period of colonization that lasted three centuries.
From the founding of Asuncion in 1537, Paraguay has been able to preserve a large part of its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams and the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on the polo fields in Las Canitas.
Less-large tournaments and matches can also be watched at other times of the year.
To learn about the upcoming matches of polo and where to buy tickets, visit the Argentine Polo Association's website.
Falkland Islands' official currency is the Falkland Islands pound (FKP).
Money can be exchanged in only one bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
On remote islands, credit cards, perhaps, will not be accepted, although British and American currency may be accepted; be sure to clarify with the owners which payment method is
Money exchanged in Falkland Islands is almost impossible to exchange outside the islands, so exchange money before you leave the islands.
Because Montevideo is located south of the equator, there is summer in the Northern Hemisphere, and winter in the Southern Hemisphere.
Montevideo is located in the tropics. In summer months, the air temperature is above +30°C is a common occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely drop below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There is no particular "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of precipitation is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are used to see people, nature is still wild, so don't feed or disturb the animals.
The administration of the park warns: do not approach more than 100 yards / meters to bears and wolves, and more than 25 yards / meters to all other wild animals!
No matter how submissive they look, big animals like bison, deer, bears and almost all big animals can attack.
Each year hundreds of visitors get injured because they do not respect the personal space of the animals. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so try to avoid cooking or carrying with you smelly food, and keep the camp clean.
Apia – the capital of Samoa. The city is situated on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 inhabitants
Apia was founded in 1850-s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The harbour was the site of a bitterly remembered naval confrontation in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the USA and Britain refused to
All the ships sank except one British cruiser. There were about 200 American and German sailors killed.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the Mau movement, peaceful assembly in the town led to the killing of the supreme leader Tupou Te'
Here are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three areas
The beaches of North Shore (in the area of North-Harbor) are lined with the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay in the
Most of these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded by such trees as the jujube.
In the central neighborhood of Auckland, where the bay of Wātimātae is home to the prestigious residential suburbs of Mitre Bay and St Heliers, there
This is sometimes crowded beaches with a good choice of shops along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that you can drink, but Australian and New Zealand wines are better suited for transport.
Local tap water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have any concerns, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
The Australians are baffled by the idea of "flat white". "The little black" is espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they are of excellent quality.
There is a large number of trips to the reef all year round, and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the reef are rare.
Although you should follow governmental advice, obey all signs and pay attention to safety warnings.
Cyclospora can be found near the beaches and river mouths to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be found
Sharks are real, but rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
Crocodiles with gills do not live an active life in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers to the north
Pre-booking allows you to not worry about where to stay when you arrive at your destination.
Tour operators often deal with specific hotels, but you can also book other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites.
Travel agents usually sell packages that include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport or even packages that include flight and accommodation in a hotel.
In addition, they may keep a reservation if you require time to consider the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, visas).
Any changes or requests should first be sent to the hotel, and not directly to the agency.
Some music festivals have a large number of participants who spend the night at the festival, and most of them consider it an obligatory part of the program.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive early to find a camping spot near the music.
Remember, even if the main stages are already finished, there may be areas where music will continue until late at night.
Some festivals have special areas for families with young children.
If you cross the northern part of Baltic Sea in winter, you should know about the location of the cabin, because the passage through the ice leads to quite a disturbing noise which can disturb the most sensitive people." #
Cruises in Saint-Petersburg include walking tours. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
The casinos usually try to make their customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. There are no windows and exits are hard to find.
They usually offer special food, drinks and entertainment to guests so that they stay in a good mood and do not leave the establishment.
In some establishments you can get free alcohol, but it will make you drunk, and all good gamblers know how important it is to remain sober.
Everyone who plans to travel in high-elevation areas or mountain passes should be aware of the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On icy and snowy road friction is low, and you can’t drive as confidently as on the normal pavement.
In the event of a blizzard, enough snow to get stuck can fall in a very short period of time.
The availability may also be limited due to snow, sleet, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and traffic continues year-round almost without breaks.
Safari is probably the biggest lure for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term "safari" in everyday use refers to a land trip to view the breathtaking wildlife of Africa, especially in the savanna.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach machines, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lions, elephants and leopards sometimes are cautious, and you should consider them better through a telescope.
Walking safari (also called "tree-walking", "hiking-safari" or "walking tour") consists of a walk of several hours to several days.
The Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only city in Asia that has hosted two Summer Olympic Games. The first was in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced to be moved, you may have a difficult situation.
Cancellation policies may vary, but at the end of March most of the rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020 when the Olympic Games were planned.
Expected ticket prices range from 2,500 to 135,000 yen, with standard ticket price of 7,500 yen.
Dry-cleaning helps clothes dry faster. Many hotels provide irons and ironing boards, even if they are not in the room.
If you don't have a hair dryer or you don't like the idea of wearing clean socks, you can try a hair dryer if it
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperatures (which could lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are various methods for cleaning water, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in others it will take a few minutes.
Filters work differently, and in case of doubt, you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a credible company.
Travelers can encounter wildlife-invaders they haven't seen in their home country.
The pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release poison or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which can cause damage or death to a person, are generally not considered pests.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Travellers heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a considerable sum, especially on such goods as tobacco and spirits.
The section between Point-Marie and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, desolate and forested areas
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be on your guard: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits set are noticeably lower than those on previous and subsequent sections — usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km / h) — and strict compliance with them is more important
However, as you may have guessed, mobile phone service is much better here than on many other sections of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, where the line is located." #
German bakery cakes are quite good. In Bavaria they are very abundant and diverse and look like cakes from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cakes are popular, cakes with apples are popular all year round, and pears and plums appear in summer.
In German baking often use almonds, hazelnuts and other wood nuts. Popular cakes often go well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling sweet confectionery goods, try the things that are called donuts or pancakes with filling.
Cari — a dish of herbs and spices combined with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "moist.
In the interior of Pakistan and northern India, yogurt is used in curry. In the southern Indian states and in the coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is
Indonesian cuisine, with 17 000 islands to choose from, is a general term used to describe a wide variety of regional cuisines that are found throughout the country.
But without any further clarification, this term is usually understood to mean food from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, which is now widely available throughout the archipelago, includes an assortment of simple spiced dishes. The most popular of these are the additions of peanuts, chilli, sugar (especially yavanese coconut sugar
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
They provide the horse with better stability, but there are problems with safety, because there is a possibility of getting stuck.
If the horse threw its rider, but his foot got stuck in the stirrup, a running horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take a number of precautions.
Firstly, most riders wear riding boots with a heel, which have a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, some saddles, especially English, have protective straps, which make the leather saddle fall off if it is pulled back by the falling rider.
The Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
On top you can enjoy breathtaking mountain views. Climbing enthusiasts from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Skiing is the main tourism destination for many skiers (they are sometimes called "ski bums"), who plan their entire holiday around skiing in a particular place.
The idea of skiing is very old: the stone inscriptions depicting skiers are dated by 5000 BC.
Skiing as a sport is at least as old as the XVII century, and in 1861 the first entertainment ski club was opened in Australia.
Skiing is also called backcountry skiing, skitouring or hiking on skis.
It is related, but usually does not include hiking up the peak and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
If you have good conditions, you can overcome several larger distances than walking, but you can only develop this speed on skis when you do not have a heavy backpack and there is a ski track.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but on it there are many independent states. In normal circumstances, travelling through many countries meant that you had to apply for a visa and multiple passport controls.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
You can usually cross the border without going through passport control again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries - signatories of Schengen agreement separately, which will save you time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define goods over 100 years old as an antique.
This concept has geographic variants in which the age boundary in such places as North America can be less than in Europe.
Artifacts can be defined as antiques despite the fact that they are younger than similar mass-produced items.
Sheep raising is an important source of livelihood for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this custom is traditional, not all the members of the Sámi people were involved in the mass rearing of reindeer; they lived hunting, fishing, and other similar activities, using reindeer primarily as beasts
Today many Sami are working in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region Lapland.
Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, and is often considered offensive because of associations with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country is recommended to be avoided, this may affect your medical insurance during your trip or your cancellation insurance.
It is possible that you should also consult with other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are directed to their own citizens.
One example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East may face situations, which are not faced by Europeans or Arabs.
In the news reports, only briefly described the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified in comparison with the widespread more detailed information available.
Unfavorable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause damage, cause serious social upheavals or result in human casualties.
Unfavorable weather conditions are everywhere in the world, and they come in a variety of types, which depend on geography, the terrain and the weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rains and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather phenomena such as storms, tornadoes, hurricanes
Regional and seasonal dangerous weather phenomena are: snow storms, snow and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly recommended to take into account any risks associated with the harsh weather in their area, since they may affect any plans for travel.
All those planning to visit a country which may be considered a war zone, must undergo a professional training.
Searching on the Internet for the phrase "course on the safety in hostile environment", may lead to the address of local company.
The course usually deals with more in-depth issues, often with hands-on practice.
The course usually lasts for 2 to 5 days and includes playing scenarios, large amount of first aid training and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines that describe survival in the wild are often found, but publications about combat zones are very few.
People planning to undergo gender reassignment surgery abroad should ensure that they have valid documents for their return.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated with the desired name and sex, varies from place to place.
The readiness of foreign governments to carry out their commitments under the document is so varied.
The checkpoints at the checkpoints were also more rigorous after the events of 11 September 2001.
Transgenders preparing for surgery should not expect to be scanned, and their privacy and dignity should not be affected.
A breakwater is a wave-breaker, created by breaking waves against a shore or sometimes against a rock or something like that.
The reverse flow is concentrated in a few deeper areas where it can form a fast flow, which can go down to a great depth, because of the similar underwater topology." #
The majority of deaths occur as a result of exhaustion attempting to return to the current against which it is impossible to swim.
As soon as you get out of the current, you’ll be able to go back to normal.
Try to go somewhere where you won't be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may want to wait for rescue.
Shock to return home is more severe than the cultural shock (here the shorter romantic period lasts longer and is more difficult), lasts longer and is more severe.
Travellers who easily adapt to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and have lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, were kind to you, knowing that travellers need to adapt to a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding is necessary to travelers, who have returned home.
The sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show.
The noise of tourists and sellers is always heard. The sound of light and history is like a book with stories.
The Sphinx acts as a background and the storyteller of a long story.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
There are several countries that have claimed the South Shetland Islands. There are more than half of the bases and in 2020 there will be 16 active bases.
The archipelago is located 120 kilometres from the peninsula. The largest island is named King George with the settlement of Villas-Estrelas.
Others include the island of Livingston and the Dee Estuary, where the active volcano of the present day is a spectacular natural harbour.
Elsewhere in the Antarctic Peninsula, the land of El Suerth is a region that is roughly south of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plain, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain system Eluthera, divided by the icefield Minnesota into two parts.
In the northern part, that is the range of Sentinel, the highest mountains of Antarctica - the massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892 m and is called
In remote areas outside the coverage area of mobile telephones satellite phone can be your only option.
Usually, a satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, because you need to be outside in direct line of sight with the satellite, in order to make a call.
Service is often used in maritime transport, including sightseeing and fast-moving ships, where broadband data and voice communications are needed.
Typically, you will be able to obtain further information about the connection of this service by contacting your local telephone operator.
An option becoming increasingly popular for those who are planning to take a semester off, is to travel and learn.
This is especially popular among school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before enrolling in university, not putting at risk their education.
In many cases, enrollment in a foreign course during a vacation may actually increase your chances of getting into higher education institutions in your home country.
In general, to get into these educational programs, a fee is required.
Finland is a great place for boat tourism. In "land of thousand lakes" there are thousands of islands in lakes and in coastal archipelagos.
Exploring the Archipelago or visiting lakes, you can live without a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can actually accommodate any yacht, smaller craft or even a kayak leave quite different impressions.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
A majority of Baltic cruises include extended parking in the Russian city of St. Petersburg.
This means you can spend several full days in this historical city, and sleep on the ship back to port.
If you go to the shore only as an excursion by boat, you don't need a separate visa (from 2009).
Some cruise brochures show Berlin, Germany. As you can see on the map on the top, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Travelling by airplane can be frightening for a person of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in his life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: this is no different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are present in many people.
Understanding how the aircraft works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises out of uncertainty or inability to control the process.
Delivery services are paid well for fast delivery. Sometimes the speed of delivery of commercial documentation, goods or spare parts for urgent repair is very important.
On some routes, there are more large companies with their own planes, but for other routes and smaller companies, this was a problem.
If they sent something as an air cargo, then the loading and clearance could take several days.
The only way to get it sorted out is to send it as checked baggage. The airline's rules do not allow you to send it without a passenger, so you'll have to
The most obvious way to fly in first or business class is to pay for it (or better yet, to pay for your company to pay for you).
But this is not cheap at all — in rough approximation you will pay four times more for business and eleven times more for first class!
In general, there is no sense to look for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know that there is a certain main group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and comfortably, so they charge a certain fee." #
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely spoken.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state that has been the victim of ethnic conflict.
The 1994 conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by any member state of
While the political negotiations have been unsuccessful, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova have been restored.
The main religion in Moldova is the Orthodox Christian religion.
Izmir is Turkey's third largest city with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul and a good transport hub.
Nevertheless, once ancient city Smyrna today is a modern, developed and lively shopping center, located along the vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass facades of modern shopping malls interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, a 17th century mosque and a church, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldorsvik is located on the island of Estura, and the church is an unusual octagonal structure.
Some of the graves on the churchyard have interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It's worth spending half an hour and walk around an unusual village.
Compared to the north, the romantic and charming town of Sintra, praised by Lord Byron and then famous the world over.
The bus Scotturb No 403 makes regular flights to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Remember that you, in principle, are on the place of a brother's grave and in a location which is indescribably important for a considerable percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
There are still many men and women who have lived here, but there are also more people who have lost their loved ones here or worked here until death, whether Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, seriousness and respect that it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Do not make this place unclean by defacing or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most of the signs are only shown in Catalan, because it is the first official language.
In addition, Spanish is widely used in public transport and other public places.
Common announcements in the metro are only made in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced by an automatic system in many languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be egotistical, rude and arrogant.
Let it be a false stereotype, but the best way to succeed in Paris is to behave as a "bien élevé" (well-bred) person. This will make it easier to adapt in this city.
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish, if you show a little politeness.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation, and is a mixture of forests and meadows.
Thanks to the combination of microclimates, different soils and elevation, there is a particularly wide variety of plant communities.
The area is rich in various types of animals and birds.
Here you can meet rare species of fauna, for example, European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, wildcat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
Women should not be wearing skirts below the knees and with bare shoulders.
In most monasteries, women are given the habit, if they come unprepared, but if you take your own, especially brightly colored, monk or monks will smile at you.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
They can be taken at the entrance, however, this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not feel comfortable in these skirts. One size for all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as those of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with a widespread use of olive oil.
A popular dish for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, which means You, always write with capital letters even in the middle of the sentence.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
It is also likely to make reading easier, while writing is more difficult because you have to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
Pronunciation in Italian is relatively simple, because most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is important to pay attention to the letters c and g, as their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In Persian, the grammar is relatively easy and mostly regular.
So reading this textbook of Persian grammar will help you to learn a lot of new and better understand expressions.
It is evident that if you speak a Romance language group, you will be able to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that the Portuguese language is similar and it can be learned separately.
Ancient Observatories, in general, are today considered to be outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution of their prime was not such a problem as it is today, they are usually located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in the present.
The majority of modern astronomical telescopes are large structures in remote locations with favorable atmosphere conditions.
The contemplation of cherry blossom, called "hanami", has entered Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The idea for the piece came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan, the first celebrations of cherry blossoms were organized only for the imperial court and the aristocracy.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't fall for the temptation to take one.
If you visit an official garden, you will be expelled without any discussion.
Singapore is a safe place to travel, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, being in the "tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (always) in a cloudless
There are also several buses heading north to Hebron, where the patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob are buried, as well as their wives." #
Make sure that the bus you are about to board is heading to Hevron, not just a nearby Jewish settlement in Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good topic for a celebration.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise on the canal of the Danube, or a boat trip along the canal
They also identify routes for popular foot and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important Christian festivals, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition to spend Easter night, not sleeping, in some open place, to see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has Christian theological explanation but it could well be an ancient spring and fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold Easter services on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, with the congregation usually starting at midnight celebrating the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that arrived here originally were brought by water, by air or by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, the animals of the Galapagos Islands could not get there, making the giant tortoise the main carnivorous animal
From the time of the arrival of humans on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been imported, including cattle, horses, cows, cats and dogs
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic in winter, you will learn about the polar night, when the sun is not visible at all.
This is a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners are used to.
The clothes are standard business attire, and colleagues address each other by their first names or by their titles." #
It is extremely important for harmony at work, and group results are valued above individual achievements.
Usually, employees must get approval from their supervisor before taking any decisions and must obey their orders.
