Now we have four-month mice, who have no diabetes," he added.
According to the warning of Professor Ehud Ur, Professor of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Newfoundland) and Chairman of Clinical and Scientific Department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, research is still at an early stage.
As with some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, pointing out that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already developed.
On Monday, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature, Sara Danius, publicly announced during a radio broadcast on Sveriges Radio that the committee had been unable to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016.
Danius said: "Now we do nothing. I called and sent electronic mail to his closest employee and received very friendly answers. At the moment, of course, this is enough.
In the beginning, I didn't hear the doorbell ring in my garage.
He said that he created a doorbell that worked from WiFi.
Simionoff said that sales increased after his appearance on the show "Shark Tank" in 2013, where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017 Siminoff appeared on the retail channel QVC.
In addition, Ring settled the legal process with its competitors, the security company ADT Corporation.
Although there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce the mortality from Ebola virus, there is no evidence that any drug has shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed many promising results in this area, but official studies showed that it has a lesser benefit in preventing death than expected earlier.
In the study PALM, ZMapp served as a control, that is, scientists used it as a base and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and agrees with the absolute necessity of creating a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more than their interests, are better served by reforming within our organization, rather than cancelling its certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation which would be able to shed light on how such a scale of violence, so brazenly described by the surviving victims of Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all the necessary and appropriate changes in this case
The US Gymnastics Federation and the US Olympic Committee have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes, so that they could aspire to their goals in a safe, positive environment and were afforded all rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski served as a senior advisor to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976 he advised Carter on foreign policy. Then from 1977 to 1981 he worked as a national security adviser, replacing Henry Kissinger.
As a National Security Advisor, he helped Carter in the world diplomacy, for example, in the signing of Camp David agreements in 1978, normalizing Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, formulating policy on the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979
The film stars Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone and was nominated in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for the best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to the other nominations: "Best Picture", "Director", "Operator", "Cinematography", "Costume Design", "Film Editing", "Original Music", "Sound", and "Original Screenplay.
Two songs from the film – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
Late at night on Sunday, President Trump through his press secretary said that the US troops will leave Syria.
The statement was made after the phone call between President Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will play a leading role in the question of the protection of captured fighters of the Islamic State, which, according to the statement, European countries have not agreed to return home.
This also confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides the details which are usually not available from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
Scientists say that the feathers of this bird were of a brownish-yellow color on the top, and of a pale yellow color on the bottom.
The find also allows you to get acquainted with the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well developed quill, called rachis, but still there are other distinguishing features - beards and beards - the researchers came to the conclusion that rachis, probably, appeared later by evolution of other distinguish
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display." Scientists speculated that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample is presented adult feathers, not chick feathers.
The researchers speculated that despite the fact that this tail is the tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not the fluff of a chick.
Yesterday morning near the main police station of Gazanentepe (Turkey) a car was set on fire, resulting in the death of 2 policemen and more than 20 people were injured." #
The governor's office informed that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
Police said that the alleged perpetrator of the attack was the alleged ISIS militant.
They found that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that all stars in the system are determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total brightness and angular velocity is used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma stream.
The smaller the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in relation to magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki often fell into unpleasant situations during his travel.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from his wedding in Nepal, and was arrested in India.
Стандарт 802.11n работает на обоих частотах – 2,4 ГГц и 5 ГГц.
This will ensure backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has a dual-receiver.
The speeds of 802.11n are significantly faster than its predecessors with the maximum theoretical throughput of 600 Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two children, did not impress Miller, who was told this story.
When the judge asked him to comment, he said, "Mike is a very talkative man, and I was prepared for that, so I didn't really listen to what he
We will be taking steps to significantly reduce the amount of carbon dioxide emitted per unit of gross domestic product by 2020 compared to 2005 levels," said Hu.
He did not name the number of cuts in budgets, saying that they will be made on the basis of the performance of the Chinese economy.
Hu called for developing countries to "avoid the old system, in which first pollute, and then clean up.
He added that "they should not be asked to take on responsibilities that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious violence, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus building in the United States on the Middle East policy.
In the report there is a sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive in Iraq and a call for immediate change of the course.
First among 78 recommendations is that we should implement a new diplomatic initiative by the end of this year to strengthen the Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention, and to resume diplomatic relations with our neighbours.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, in the same place where she started her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the cost of providing material support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal" by President Bush.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that contracts for restoration work were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people traveled to Rome to visit the funeral.
The number of people present was so large that not all could get to the square of St. Peter, where the funerals were held.
In various places in Rome, large television screens were installed, so that people could watch the ceremony.
The similar platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past policy of the FBI for the fact that it allocated a large part of resources to cases that were easy to solve, especially on cases of car theft, in order to increase the level of agency’s success
Congress began funding the initiative to fight pornography in 2005 tax year and determined that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to fight adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the most points in an inning: 70 runs for 41 deliveries, blocked 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Midfielders Tandulkar and Rakhul Dravid played well together and earned a result of 100 points.
However, after losing the gate captain India made only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for the completion of innings.
President of the United States George W. Bush arrived in Singapore at dawn on 16 November, starting his week-long tour of Asia.
His welcome was Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
After losing the mid-term elections, Bush announced to the public that he was expanding trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for a second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party (NDP) Jack Layton in
On the meeting with the Prime Minister, Leighton asked to make amendments and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since the federal government intervened and took on the financing of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the government of the state and some members of the federal Parliament criticized this action as a ruse in preparation for federal elections which are scheduled to take
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that it was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the Australian government through the allocation of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest data, the level of the sea indicated the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Pago-Pago and Niue.
There were no reports of serious damage or casualties from Tonga, but there was a temporary power outage which, according to information available, did not allow the Tongan authorities to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC)." #
Fourteen schools on the Hawaiian Islands, located near the coast or within it, were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of warnings.
President Bush welcomed this statement.
Gordon Johndro, former White House spokesman, said North Korea's promise to denuclearize the Korean peninsula was a "big step forward" towards achieving verifiable nuclear disarmament on the peninsula.
Today in the Atlantic Ocean there has formed a subtropical cyclone Jerry, this is the tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at this time, Jerry does not pose any threat to land.
According to the U.S. Army's Chief of Engineers, 6 inches of rain could have overflowed the damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, flooded by Hurricane Katrina at 20 feet, is now at least half-submerged because the levee, nearby, was not high enough to hold back the water.
The water flows over the dam at a width of 100 feet.
Adam Kerden expressed his disappointment in connection with deletions in his conversation in the past month with Wikinews.
He [Wales] lied to us from the outset. First, acting as though it was necessary to do so on legal grounds. Secondly, making a show of listening to us until he was removed the images.
Public outrage led to the development of a regulation regarding sexually explicit content for this website, which contains millions of media materials with open licenses.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Bull." #
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way.
As the Moon attracts Earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way affect the galaxy in the constellation of the Serpent.
Scientists have concluded that dark matter affects dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a significant portion of the dark matter around the galaxy is located in a ring and consists of a large number of small
In the news reports, the white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities are warning residents living nearby the station to stay in their rooms, to turn off the air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the nuclear management of Japan, the plant was found to contain radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities believe that this indicates a possible leak and rupture in the containers containing uranium fuel on the object.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll discovered XDR-TB with extremely high resistance to drugs.
In an interview he said that the new strain "is very high in mortality, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients could be infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were health care workers in the hospital.
One year after the patient can infect 10 to 15 people by close contact.
However, the proportion of people with TB with multidrug-resistant TB in the whole group of patients with TB still seems low; 6000 of the total number of 330 000 infected in this particular moment in South Africa
Satellites each weighing over 1 000 pounds and traveling at a speed of 17,500 miles per hour collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion was very powerful.
They still try to determine how big the collision was and how much damage Earth will suffer.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is looking for debris.
The results of chart analysis will be published on the public website.
The indictment against the doctor will be brought against her, who worked in the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, after Wednesday her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car, state authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found in Blue Ash (Ohio), about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He lay on the ground next to the road in a t-shirt and underwear, and, apparently, in a state
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was less than 500 feet away.
They found the body of 53-year-old Saroj Balasubramanian covered in bloody blankets.
Police said that the body was probably there around the day.
First cases of disease in this season were reported in July.
The carriers are swine, from which the disease is transmitted through mosquitoes, then to the human.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as setting traps for cattle in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying pesticid
The Government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines in the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Slanka moved to Sweden, where three years later began working for Swedish Postal Company, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detail, that he is one of the few "collectable names" among philatelists. Some specialise only in collecting
His magnificent thousand-mark year 2000 is reproducing "Great deeds of the Swedish Kings" David-Clecker Erich, it is entered in the Guinness World Records.
In addition, he was engaged in the engraving of banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his work are portraits of the Prime Minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada denomina
After the accident Gibson was taken to the hospital, but soon died.
64-year-old truck driver in an accident did not suffer.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident the same day about 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage near the place where the accident happened said: "There were children standing there waiting to cross the road. All of them were crying and wailing.
All ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda at Bali include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technologies to promote growth in developing countries with lower environmental impacts.
The UN hopes to complete the establishment of a fund to help countries suffering from global warming to combat its consequences.
These funds can be used for building houses, resistant to floods, rational use of water resources and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to frighten women into silence about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to such a conclusion because of numerous positive comments and support received by her as from women, as well as from men, who asserted that contraceptive pills should be considered as a medical necessity
When the fight ended, after the wounded were brought to the hospital, there were still about 40 prisoners left in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to fix the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear.
At 10:00 pm in the mountain time prisoners set fire to the yard.
In a short time, the guards in protective gear went into the courtyard and locked the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
In the result of firefighters extinguished the fire at 23:35.
After the dam was built in 1963, seasonal floods, spreading deposits, ceased.
This residue was required for the formation of beaches and sandy shores, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two species of fish, and two other, including the blue shark, were put on the list of endangered species.
However, despite the fact that the water level will rise only a few feet, the authorities are confident that this will be sufficient to restore the washed-out sandbanks below the river
No tsunami warnings were issued and according to the report from the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the magnitude of the earthquake did not reach 6.5.
Although there is no threat of tsunami, people began to panic and leave their companies and their homes.
While she was ready to shed a tear during the farewell, she gave a hint to her fans that she would return.
This will not be a farewell. It is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have confirmed the re-election of President Hfichelepunyane Pohamba.
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) in South Africa also retained its majority in the parliamentary elections.
The coalition and Afghan forces advanced to the area to protect the site, and another aircraft was sent to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is thought that it was the result of hostile fire.
The attempts to find the crash site encounter bad weather conditions and rugged terrain.
The Mangola Medical Charity, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization have said that this is the most severe outbreak in the country's history." #
The representative of the organization "Doctors Without Borders" Richard Winman said: "Angola is on its worst outbreak since the beginning of the war, and the
The matches began at 10:00 in a beautiful day, and if not for the occasional drizzle that quickly passed, it was an ideal day for rugby-7.
The favourites of the tournament from South Africa started with a correct note, when they won 26-00 over Zambia, which was placed on the fifth position.
Looking clearly worse in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved their performance during the tournament.
Their defence was disciplined, their possession of the ball was excellent and their teamwork was superb, and it was clear that beating this team was not easy." #
The official representatives of the government of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank House declare that the tree is infected with a fungus and is a public danger because there is a direct
His plan was to be cut on Tuesday, but by a special court order it was kept.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave named "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100-250 meters (328-820 feet).
According to infrared images of the differences in night and day temperatures, it is likely that it is caves.
At daytime, they are colder than the surrounding surface, and at night they are warmer.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they correspond to the deep pits in the ground, - said Glenn Cushing, a planetary geologist with the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in a booth and places a pre-printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate he wishes to vote for, in a sealed envelope.
After the officials verify the identity of the voter, he inserts the sealed envelope into the ballot box and signs in the list of voters.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988, the ballot boxes must be transparent to ensure that voters and observers can be sure that the beginning of voting inside there are no envelopes and that they are not added to them any other envelopes, except envelopes of those people who were allowed to participate in voting and the votes were counted properly.
Candidates can send their representatives to monitor the whole process. At night, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict control according to a special procedure.
The Eee PC series, previously presented in the world with an orientation on such factors as cost savings and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market for notebooks will change radically after the award of the company ASUS Taiwan Excellence Award for stability by the People's Republic of China in
The station website describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted vision!".
At the beginning of its existence, this show was broadcast only on the website of an online radio TogiNet Radio dedicated to radio discussions.
In 2015, TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The first time the show was acted out by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, the mass looting continued all night, because there were no policemen on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one of the commentators as being in a state of chaos, as people ran around the streets and robbed shops with consumer goods
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of lawlessness.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three nations rugby union on the Royal Bafokeng stadium in Rustenburg
The final score was 21-20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
For "Spingbox" it was the end of a five-match losing streak.
This match was the last for the "All Blacks", who won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be held in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the next week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
USGS and its National Seismic Hazard Information Service did not receive any urgent messages about damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-east of Dillingham and about 65 km (40 miles) south-south
It was confirmed that the H5N1 strain of bird flu, fatal for humans, was found in a dead wild duck found on Monday in the marsh near Leon in eastern
France is the seventh country in the EU to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Cumbers sued God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on earth.
The agnostic Kemper asserts that his lawsuit is "merely a frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone for anything.
The story told by Camille Saint-Saens in the French opera tells about a painter who "lives by drugs and Japan.
In the end, actors smoke joints on stage, and the theatre encourages the public to join.
The former speaker of the Newt Gingrich, Texas governor Rick Perry and congressman Michael Bachmann ranked fourth, fifth and sixth respectively.
After the results were known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he was rude to Romney, who was the one who was broadcasting negative information against him.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today's party convention and determine whether or not he should continue his campaign.
Baham, who won in the August poll in the city of Ames, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
According to reports, he was 20 to 30 years old. Bieber said: "While I was not present at the tragic incident and was not directly involved in it, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
Entertainment-news website TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the stop by the police, before he moved on and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic twice had to order him to move
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer is likely to not be charged with a criminal offence.
Given that in the day you could win only eight medals, some countries could not be on the podium.
They include Netherlands with Anna-Lena Groenewegen, who finished 9th yesterday in the standing standing in the super-G, and Finland with Kaisa Saarijarvi, who finished 10th in the same event.
Australian Mitchell Gurley came in eleventh in men's supergiant races in the standing class. Czech Oleg Elynek came in sixteenth in men's standing supergiant races.
Aly Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the supergiant standing. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the standing supergiant.
The Polish skier with visual impairment Maciej Krezel and the leader of the women's race Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the super giant among men in sitting position.
UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010 are being accused of spreading a disease which began near their military camp.
As the court states, the UN waste dumps did not pass proper sanitary processing, resulting in the bacteria entering the river Artibonite, one of the largest in Haiti.
The country did not encounter major problems, relating to this disease, from the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy cited an independent study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti unintentionally brought disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, an expert on the disease, said that the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the hospital of Harvard University in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of Ebola infection have been reported.
The hospital was in compliance with infection control protocols, including separate isolation of the patient, to prevent the spread of infection to other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on various positions on several programs.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "Jolly Company" and "The Trevor Ullman Show.
In 1989 together with Brooks and Groening he helped create "SpongeBob SquarePants" and was responsible for the first team of writers of this series." #
Despite leaving the show in 1993, he remained an executive producer and still received millions of dollars in salary each season.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that the plane had been hijacked.
Later, it was reported that the plane was threatened with a bomb and it was turned back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In the early messages it is said that the plane returned to Afghanistan after being refused an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air crashes are a common occurrence in Iran, where the country has aged air fleet, which is poorly maintained for civil and military operations.
International sanctions have led to theimpossibility of buying new airplanes.
Earlier this week, in the aftermath of a police helicopter crash, three people were killed and three more were injured.
In the past year, the worst air disaster in Iran occurred when a plane crashed in Armenia, killing 168 people on board.
In the same month another plane crashed outside the runway in Mashhad and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
The band Aerosmith has cancelled the remaining concerts in its tour.
A rock band had to tour the US and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after the singer Steve Taylor was injured during a fall on stage during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving for the match at every point.
Del Potro had an early advantage in the second set, but it also required a tie-break after reaching 6-6.
At the moment Potro was given medical aid for his shoulder and he was able to return to play.
The program started at 8:30PM local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanju Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chaudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan also. He was accompanied by singer
Lakhsa Singh took the lead in singing bhajans.
The 108 chapati bhajans were served to the goddess of wealth, the goddess of prosperity, the goddess of wealth, the goddes
Lakkha Singh sang the bhajan with him. Singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
President Satoru Iwata presented the design of the new Nintendo Revolution at the main presentation of the Tokyo Game Show on Thursday.
In the controller that looks like a television remote, two sensors are located next to the television user, which uses them to calculate his position in three-dimensional space." #
By the movement of the device in the air, players will be able to control actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso due to a damaged suspension, suffered during numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very good at singing," he said, referring to the transcript of the press conference.
I was very touched each time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after the launch, the onboard camera showed, as many pieces of insulation foam flew off the fuel tank.
However, it is thought that they did not injure the 747.
NASA's shuttle program chief, Neil W. Hayes, Jr., said the foam broke off "after a period of time that we are concerned about.
Five minutes before the start of the show the wind began to increase, a minute later it reached 70 km/h, and then the rain began to fall, like a rain of needles, then the sky fell with hail, people were screaming and bumping into each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumped over them and pushed.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in Niigata Prefecture, was operating in a standard mode.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. said there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that the reactors No. 1 and No. 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to reports, about 9400 houses in the region are without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected districts the railway and the airport of Noto in the prefecture of Ishikawa are still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the governor's office.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in two hours.
According to some reports, the official figure for victims reaches eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the urine samples of animals that died after eating contaminated food for animals, there were found as cianuric acid and melamine
Researchers at the University of Utah reported that these two compounds react together to form crystals that can block the kidneys.
In the observations, researchers found crystals, which arise in cat urine when adding cianuric acid and morpholine." #
In the case of infrared Fourier spectroscopy, it was found that the crystals of these crystals match those found in the
I do not know whether you are aware of it or not, but a large part of the goods from Central America was imported into this country
However, eighty percent of our goods were subject to duties according to the tariffs in Central America.
It didn't seem to me to be right; of course it wasn't fair.
I say to the people that they shall be treated as they treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law banning the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence be sold in California with a sticker that says "18", and that selling games to minors is punishable by a fine of $1000 for each violation.
Today, the chief prosecutor of the country, Kier Starmer, a title-holder of the royal court, made a statement about the initiation of criminal proceedings against both Hun and Price.
Hyun resigned from his post as Minister of Commerce and Industry, and his successor will be a member of the Parliament Norman Lamb.
Hyun and Price must appear before the Magistrates' Court of Westminster on February 16.
The two men were Nicholas Alden, 25 years, and Zacharie Caddeback, 21 years. Caddeback was the driver.
Edgar Velilla was wounded in the hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider required reconstructive surgery on his face.
The weapon of Uki failed to fire when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind in one eye, his head is missing, his face has been reconstructed
Schneider gave testimony through video link from his base at the U.S. Air Force base in Germany.
In addition to competitions on Wednesday, Carpendio took part in two individual competitions on the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in which she did not finish the race. 36 of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the position seated with combined time 4:41,30. On 1:09,02 minutes slower than the ninth-placed Hungarian Djengy Danyi.
Four women in the seated group did not finish their races and 45 of 117 skiers in giant slalom did not finish their races.
The police of Madhya Pradesh returned the laptop and mobile phone stolen.
The Assistant Inspector General D. K. Aryan said: "We arrested five people who had raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
Accused persons have the names of Baba Kandjar, Bhуta Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Viṣṇu Kandjar.
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Sonali said that the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although inside the building at the time of the crash were three people, no one was injured.
However, the driver received serious head injuries.
The road was temporarily closed while emergency services were freeing the driver from the red Audi TT.
Originally he was hospitalized at James Pedee Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
After that he was moved to the hospital Addenbrooke in Cambridge.
On the other hand, the Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adekoya with murdering her son.
She is in custody awaiting the verdict and the trial, however, any evidence may be distorted, since her popularity was widely used by the media.
This is a common practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish justice system works differently, and courts found the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson from University of Dundee notes that "journalists, it seems, are indeed walking dangerously, publishing photos and other information about suspects.
The Royal Prosecution, which is responsible for the judicial process, said that no further comments will be made at least until the verdict is handed down.
The document, according to the leak, will concern the dispute over the borders that the Palestinians want to establish based on those that existed prior to the Six-Day War of 1967.
Other topics touched upon include the future state of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both peoples, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for the next ten years, while the GNA agrees to this presence for five years only.
The shooters who took part in the additional test for pest control had to be under close supervision of rangers, because this test was being monitored and evaluated.
The NPWS and the NSW Sports Shooting Association have partnered to provide volunteer firearms instructors for the NPWS's Hunter Program.
The four hunters selected for the first shooting operation have undergone a comprehensive training and safety briefing.
Marthey led the new Temporary Election Council (VIS), consisting of nine members.
This is the fifth time Martei has been elected to the CEP.
In the past month the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Electoral Council to resign as part of the package of measures for the country to move to new elections.
The Commission was a response to the mass protests against the state regime that began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the non-conducting of elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
There were received about 60 cases of overheating of iPod devices, resulting in six fires and four people received minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) announced that it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week, the Ministry of Economy, Labor and Industry announced that Apple informed it of 34 additional cases of overheating, which the company called "minor".
The ministry said the delay in Apple’s report was "very unfortunate.
On 7:19 am local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a major earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The Northern Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency has stated that there were no reports of damage caused by the situation.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there was no sign of a tsunami.
The former Philippine police officer stole a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza shot from his rifle M16 at tourists.
At least six hostages were saved, and at least six were declared dead at this time.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took their place at the end of the line, because the old woman had gone to the toilet. Mendoza
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and started his career in medicine.
He graduated from the Obstetrics and Gynecology Department of the National Hospital of Otago in 1959." #
When Liggins worked in the hospital, in his spare time he started to investigate cases of premature births.
His research showed that if you introduce a hormone into the womb, it will enhance the development of the lungs of
China's Xinhua News Agency reports that on Wednesday state investigators found two flight recorders or black boxes." #
The professional wrestlers also paid tribute to the Moon.
That's what Tommi Drimmer said: "Moon became the first Queen of Extreme. She was my first manager. Moon left this world in the night of two moons. It's such an amazing event as well as she
Damien "Gladdas" Rankin said: "Luna was such a crazy lunatic as I was... Possibly even more crazy... I love her and I shall miss her... I hope she is in a better place.
Of the 1400 people surveyed in advance of federal elections in 2010, the number of those who oppose the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased from 2008 to 8 percent.
The acting prime minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed her opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of those surveyed agree with this view and want HM Queen Elizabeth II to become the last monarch of Australia.
A poll conducted by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation in January 2005 found that 29 percent of respondents believed Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 percent thought it did not need a republic.
The gold medallist at the Olympic Games was required to participate in the 100 and 200m freestyle and in three relay events at the Games of the Commonwealth, but because of his complaints about his physical condition, his fitness is now
He could not take the drugs necessary to relieve pain, because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the Central Missouri University, 25 January opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that a few people had confirmed this opening by using different software and hardware.
Cosmic comets may have been the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that may form proteins and support life.
The scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, especially how Earth was formed because comets collided with Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumono started his work as Governor of Arkhangelsk in the beginning of this year and signed the bill on legalization of same-sex marriages in the past month.
He called these rumors "political babbling and stupidity.
He is expected to run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the USA, will allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and annually save millions of gallons of fuel, and reduce carbon di
It uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground-based radars, which will enable air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
There is no additional transport to the Wembley Stadium, there are no buses stopping there, and there are no parking spaces.
The fear of not having transport caused the assumption that the game might have to be played in a closed room without fans.
In the description of the study published in Science on Thursday, it is said that a new bird species has been discovered on the Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) reported that due to the mating of the endemic Eurasian sparrow-lark Geospiza forte with the introduced Eurasian sparrow-lark Geospiza conirostris, a new
Gold can be shaped into any shape. It can be rolled into very small shapes.
It can be woven into thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be made of fine wire or rolled.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used to decorate hand-painted illustrations in books - the so-called "frontispiece.
It's called pH chemical substance. You can make the indicator by using orange juice." # # # # # # # # # # #
Cabbage juice changes color depending on the chemical substance.
The pH-value is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H) in the chemical substance.
Hydrogen ions are protons, separated from electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron)." #
Get a new mixture by mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and gently mold the mixture into a ball.
The water on your hands will react with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a sort of shell.
In almost every house of the towns Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro there was a toilet with a flush, connected to a
The remains of the ancient sewer systems were discovered in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece." #
The toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, the toilets sometimes were part of public baths where men and women were bathing together
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
A satellite in space receives a call and instantaneously reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the atmosphere of Earth in some way distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need a giant rocket that can reach heights of more than 100 feet.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing that the wheel has done for us, — gave us a much lighter and faster transport.
It gave us a train, car and many other transportations.
Underneath them are more of the medium-sized cats that eat small game from rabbits to antelope and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret of their success is the niche concept, a special job that each cat performs, which keeps him from competition with other cats.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
The pride includes one to three adult males, who are related, and females and their offspring, which may number up to thirty.
The females usually live together in kinship and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions have a very similar behavior to packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their victims.
Being athletically developed, a tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump far and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same genus (Panthera), as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger’s roar is not like a full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a babbling of words.
Ocelots love to eat small animals. If they get the chance, they will hunt monkeys, snakes, lizards, and birds. Almost all the animals that the ocelot hunts are much smaller than him.
The scientists believe that otters follow the tracks of animals and find food by smelling its movements on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark by means of night vision and move almost unnoticed. The otters track prey, blending with the surroundings, and then attacking the prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than the one in which they were previously.
The new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes compared to those it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed at all — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, as the new population adapts to the new environment, it begins to look less and less like the rest of the population.
In time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that one cannot say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, i.e. the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential consequence and a very significant part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe, and absorb carbon dioxide that we exhale.
Plants feed from the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast a shadow.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The mosasaurus was the most fearsome predator of its time, so it did not fear anyone but other mosasauruses.
His long jaws were covered with more than 70 sharp teeth, and there was a second row on the tongue, so that those who met him on his path were not saved.
We do not know for sure, but it is possible that his tongue was doubled. He ate large fish, other crustaceans, and, perhaps, even a carnivore.
He also attacked everything that entered the water; even the giant dinosaur, such as the Tyrannosaurus Rex, could not compare with him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes served at banquets. For example, a deer, a peacock, a mouse and a kind of rodent, called a cone
There was another difference: while the poor people ate sitting down, the rich people liked to have joint feasts, during which they ate, lying on their sides.
The Roman diet could not include products that were imported from America or Asia in the following centuries.
They had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had ever tasted beef.
The Babylonians built each god a main temple, considered to be the dwelling of the god.
People were sacrificing to gods, and priests were trying to please the gods on the ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had an open courtyard and a sacred inner court, into which the priests could enter only.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The top of the tower was a special temple for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not of any special importance.
The majority of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the yard; the shops were open shelves, which were open to the street. For the construction of houses, natural stone was used.
There were no great forests in the land of Canaan, so the wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the Scandinavian sagas it is said that Eric the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder and that he moved further west and opened Greenland and gave it the
But regardless of its opening, there were already inhabitants of the Eskimos.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, the rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you can think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence depicted a map of treasure.
It's not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, it's not a map of the treasure.
The Declaration of Independence is signed on the reverse side: "The Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4, 1776." The text is written on the bottom and upside down.
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document (size 293⁄4 by 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage
So it is quite likely that the record was added simply as a note.
The operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles liberated the North of France, but the South was still not liberated.
He was under the control of the Vichy French. These Frenchmen, who signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940, worked together with the invaders instead of resisting them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was named Operation "Dragon".
In just two weeks, the Free French Forces and Americans liberated the south of France and set out for Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the members of which are a relatively large group of people, living and working together, society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen", and civitas, meaning "city" or "city-state", and it
Cities-states are precursors of nations. Civilizational culture implies the transmission of knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable cultural heritage.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any historical evidence, and so cannot be recognised as authentic civilizations.
In the American Revolution, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, for the first time formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no powers to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the powers of the states, who often refused to cooperate and not to enforce all its acts.
He also did not have the authority to cancel tax legislation and rates of the states.
To amend the articles, according to the articles, requires unanimous approval of all states, but the states have so irresponsibly treated the central government, that their representative
The Italian national football team, along with Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup of FIFA.
The most popular sports are football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, motorsport, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One.
Winter sports are most popular in northern regions. Italians from these regions participate in international competitions and Olympics.
In Japan there are approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Honshu), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its affiliation to the cluster/group of islands Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
Taiwan’s origins date back to the 14th century, when European sailors passing by recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa, or "the
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their rice
In 1683, the forces of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of western and northern coastal regions of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire." #
In 1895, after the defeat in the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Qing government signed the Sino-Japanese Treaty, which ceded Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, Sun Temple and Room of Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the edge of the complex were reconstructed to give tourists a more accurate picture of how they looked originally.
By 1976, 30% of Machu Picchu was restored. Restoration works continue to this day.
For example, the most common format for static photos – 35 mm, and this was the dominant size of film on the decline of analogue era.
Today it is still made, but more important is that the ratio of the sides of the images inherited by digital cameras.
The 35-mm format is a little confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into two parts, so it is called 3:2.
Most common formats (APS) are close to these proportions.
Too often used and often mocked rule of thirds - it is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while maintaining a certain degree of order in the image
It says that the best place to put the main object is at the intersection of lines that divide the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see the
In the course of this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which became rich and powerful, was the object of intense scrutiny.
Christianity has united Europe for more than a thousand years despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her omnipresent power touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church's money exists for this purpose.
The Church's central authority was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and the concentration of power and wealth led to the suspicion that this dogma was being observed.
Soon after the start of the war Britain established a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, though this blockade violated all of the international laws that have been in effect for two centuries.
Britain has detonated international waters to prevent ships from entering whole sectors of the oceans, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because the official reaction to this tactic was cautious, Germany expected a similar reaction to its unhindered underwater military operations.
In the majority of the people and nations in the 1920s, there were such sentiments as pacifism and isolation.
By learning the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, states wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Nikola Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted a job offer from Edison in New York City.
He came to the USA with four dollars in his pocket, with a book of poetry and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison.
In ancient China, the use of unique terms for periods of time; each phase of China or each family in power was a special dynasty.
In addition, there was a period of three kingdoms, which lasted for 60 years during Han and Jin dynasties.
In this period there were heavy military conflicts between many noble people fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient China. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in the great palace in Xi’an.
There are many such social and political effects as the use of imperial measurement, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, not to a single
After the Revolution, the opportunities for work opened to all men, which enabled the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because ranks were based on qualities, not on origin.
French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that were not connected with the worldly life. He often visited the cave known as "Hira" on the mountain "Nour" (light
And the cave which is preserved to our day is very vividly giving us a picture of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on the top of the mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to find even to those who know about its existence.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above your head and the multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a small part of this world." #
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that exists today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of many great pyramids built to honour the Pharaoh.
Great Pyramid of Giza, or the Valley of the Kings, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was built in honor of the Pharaoh Haps, and many smaller pyramids, tombs, and temples were built in honor of his wives and relatives.
The screw sign looks like V, and the square sign looks like a screw or a square without a bottom.
Up" means that you have to start with the tip of the brush and move it back, and "down" means that you have to start with the place where your hand holds the brush and move it back.
The movement of the bridge up usually produces a softer sound, while the movement of the bridge down produces a stronger and more forceful.
You can draw your own strokes, but remember that the strokes are printed for musical reasons, and they usually follow the musical strokes.
On 6 October 1789, angry crowds of women from the market forced the return of the exiled King Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, their two small children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd forced the King and Queen to widen the windows.
At some point one of the participants in this mob waved his hand at the King's guard who was killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified Queen.
The military expenditures of American imperialism on the Philippines paid for themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and interest on the bonds issued by the Philippine government through banks in Wall Street.
Of course, the profits brought by the long-term exploitation of the Filipinos were the main source of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, you need to understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The period in which these events took place is called High Middle Ages, a period of European history that covers the period from 1000 to 1300 (1000 to 1300 years ago).
The High Middle Ages replaced the earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that covers a wide range of practical ideas, from the technological imperative or technological determinism to a strict view that the fates of people are governed by the laws of science and their manifestation in technologies
A majority of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own properties, not society.
For example, you could say that the car is the essential cause of the development of roads.
However, the national road network is economically unprofitable only for a small group of vehicles, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a vehicle.
Mass car ownership also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of the injuries received.
Romanticism was a lot about cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
Geography was the source of people, and with the passage of time, customs and culture, which were in harmony with the place of residence of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris is called the capital of fashion of the modern world, so also Constantinople was the capital of fashion in the times of feudal Europe.
His fame as a center of luxury spread about 400 B.C. and continued for about 1100 B. C.
His status was lowered during the 12th century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than those offered on the Byzantine markets." #
At this moment and the title of the Capital of Fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 13th centuries.
The clothes were influenced by Byzantine culture in the east.
However, due to slow communication channels, western styles may lag by 25-30 years.
By the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe had developed its own styles of clothing. One of the greatest achievements of the time was the use of buttons to fasten clothes.
Natural Agriculture is a farming that produces enough food for the needs of the farmer and his/her family.
Natural agriculture is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of the plants that grow in this ecosystem, together with the use of rotational and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, most farmers have been engaged in agriculture for subsistence, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people who feel marginalized by the society, and allow them to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of the people from which it consists.
The characteristics that define a subculture as a separate entity may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Some subcultures often claim to be part of a certain subculture through a certain style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialisation is to illustrate several unfortunate cases when children were not able to contact with adults during their adulthood.
Those children are called "wild" or "wild." Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such a refusal of their child was the result of not taking parents seriously his serious
Children living on the streets may have experienced severe forms of violence or trauma before escaping or being abandoned.
Others were said to have been raised by wild beasts; some were said to have lived in the wild themselves.
If he is completely raised by animals instead of people, a wild child displays the habits (in the physical limitations) of a particular raised by him animal – for example, his fear or indifference to people.
In contrast to the traditional learning, the project-based learning is more simple and interesting, but the SCOFF is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be either virtual or real. In other words, the teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual Squadron, which helps in learning, is embedded in the software and is intended to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, which may be too difficult for the learner to handle on his own.
Children are handed over to the care of many different reasons: from abandonment to cruelty and even extortion.
Children should not grow up in a situation where there is no education, care and care, but grow.
We believe that the foster care system is safe for children.
Our system of trusteeship should provide safe housing, loving guardians, stable education and sound healthcare.
Patronage education should provide all the needs that were lacking in the house from which they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communications.
The distinctive features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
So, it was suggested that "learning" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al.,
Personal involvement" and "long-term contacts" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites
Video recording has led to important discoveries in the field of interpretation of microexpressions — the movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is asserted that one can determine whether a person is lying by using the correct interpretation of his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech", Oliver Sacks described how people who have suffered brain damage are unable to understand speech, but can correctly assess the sincerity of
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, such as domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the twentieth century have shown that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variations.
Segregation and recombination with each generation of the game are rearranging the pools of two.
In the savanna, the primates with such digestive systems as that of man, are difficult to satisfy their nutritional needs by means of the available plant resources.
In addition, failure to do this will lead to such serious consequences as slowing growth, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The most accessible plant-based resources would be proteins found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as we are, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, animal-derived food (insects, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also represents a rich source of proteins containing all the essential amino
Taking into account all that has been said, one shouldn’t be surprised that our ancestors decided to solve the "protein problem" in the same way that chimpanzees in the
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional waking during normal sleep and subsequently falling back to sleep within 10–60 minutes.
It is easy to do this by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and at the same time not wake you up completely.
If you discover that you are resetting your alarm clock while you are asleep, you can set it on another side of the room, which will force you to get up and turn off the alarm
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (in particular, water or tea known as diuretic) before going to bed, which forces the person to get up to urinate.
The amount of internal rest of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of stress in his body and mind.
The lower the battery voltage, the more positive the presence of life force in you. Everyone has the potential to find absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of that goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it has been supplemented by the Mahayana path of love and a number of Indian techniques of yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is quite simple. It consists of kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of the obsessive love.
The energy of Kundalini (the energy of enlightenment) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of the Deities. By visualization of various Deities, the channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the consciousness is enlightened.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, disagreements over the system, process, and culture led to discord between the countries.
After two years of the war, former allies became enemies and the Cold War started.
She would last for the next 40 years. In it, they fought truly, using indirect armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, on Cuba and in many other places in the world.
On 17 September 1939, the Polish defences had already been breached, and the only hope was retreat and reorganization along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800,000 Soviet Red Army soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of the Eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Agreement, the Soviet-Polish Pact of Non-Aggression, and other
The use of ships for the transportation of goods is, of course, the most efficient way of transporting a large number of people and goods across oceans.
Work of seafarers traditionally consists of enabling the country to move its people and goods, and at the same time preventing the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most notable recent examples of this was the company in the North Atlantic during World War II. Americans tried to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German naval fleet, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition failed, Germany, I think, would have been able to conquer Britain as well as other European countries.
Cows, in all likelihood, were domesticated about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros mountains.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to leave them to have at hand milk, wool, meat, and skin.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The roads for wagons were built in England in the 16th century.
However, the wagon roads were merely laid parallel to the boards of wood, giving horses the opportunity to carry heavier loads and at a higher speed than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Slabs were used quite a long time to hold rails in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks were more effective when laid with a layer of iron above.
This is now a common practice, but iron wears out wooden wheels of wagons.
In the years that followed, wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transportation was walking, people began to walk straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (meaning the straight man).
For their ancestors the Australopithecus was not so accustomed to walking upright.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can start living more mindful of the environment. We can become members of the environmental movement and even be activists to help at least a little ease the suffering of the future." #
It is usually like treating the symptoms of the problem. If we need a temporary solution, we need to find the root of the problem and eliminate it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly under the influence of the scientific and technological progress of humanity, and because of the overpopulation and the extravagant lifestyle of people,
After the Congress of 4 July, the signed manuscript, signed by the Chairman of the Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thompson, was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
In the night, 150 to 200 copies were made known as "Dante's flyers.
The first public reading of this document was made by John Kennedy in the front of Independence Hall on July 8, 2014.
On July 6, one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. The copy arrived in London 10 August.
25 copies of Danleap, known to the present, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Today, many paleontologists believe that one of the groups of dinosaurs survived and lived to our day. We call them birds.
They are often not considered dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there is still much to say about birds, which still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and nails, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers that are used today are based on the processing of information that is encoded in binary.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
It may be difficult to diagnose an oral poisoning straight away. Such symptoms as vomiting are too general to be used as a quick diagnosis.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemical.
Look at the label, where you will find special instructions on how to provide first aid in case of poisoning with this particular poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to denote a group of insects.
This concept comes from ancient times bedbugs – insects, well adapted to parasitism on the human.
And predators, and bed bugs are egg-laying species, adapted to life in the nest or home of their owner.
In the USA, approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS) are diagnosed each year, making MS the leading neurological disease among young people
Multiple sclerosis is a disease of the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the retina.
Studies have actually shown that women are more likely to suffer from multiple sclerosis than men.
The couple may decide that raising the child is not in their interest or the interest of their child.
These pairs can choose to create a plan for the adoption of their child.
When adoption or fostering is carried out, biological parents refuse to have parental rights for the purpose of allowing another couple to take the child.
The main purpose of science is to discover how the world is made, by applying scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
He is not the only one. Scientific research also relies on experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and observing.
Naturalist and philosophers concentrated their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, were accepted views of Aristotle.
As the Greek language deteriorated, Western civilization was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often greatly influenced by the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not simply a response to external periodic stimuli, have been recorded in most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous cycles for a period of time even without external stimuli.
Experiment Hersch and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
The Hershey's Chocolate Chips with Cheez Whiz were implanted with their DNA into a bacteria with the help of phages, i.e. viruses.
They conducted two experiments, labeling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactively-tainted protein of the phage.
Mutations can cause a great number of diverse results depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic lines.
Only mutations in germline cells can be passed on to children, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who like to travel to the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the examples of active recreation on the object – hunting, fishing, photography, watching birds, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
A good example is the visit, photographing and studying the orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to their place of work, and by their side pass those whose place of work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in one way or another is connected to the personal car system and supports it.
At present, science indicates that the enormous hydrocarbon economy has had an impact on one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported evolution for the last two million years." #
Everyone is a member of the society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints about water quality or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why do the transport systems get so many complaints, why do they break down every day? Is it that the transport engineers are incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental at work?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out within the scope of the study of traffic flows.
It is difficult to study the intensity of traffic, because it is impossible to predict the behavior of the driver.
Fortunately, drivers' behaviour is often quite consistent; therefore, transport flows in general have some consistency and can be approximated mathematically.
To better represent the transport flow, there were relationships established between three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
They are also hugely enriching for railway projects, design and operation.
The first animals to fly were insects. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
The majority of insects have the faculty of folding their wings along the body, which gives them an advantage.
This provides them with more hiding places, where they can hide from predators.
Spiders and beetles are the only insects that can not fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, the name of Aristarch said that the Solar System revolves around the Sun.
Many people thought he was right, but many believed the opposite: that the solar system revolves around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars
It seems to be a sensible idea because we do not feel that the earth is moving, do you not?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first largest river on Earth. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon River is the widest river in the world, with its width sometimes reaching six miles.
20 percent of the water that flows from rivers on our planet to the oceans flows from the Amazon.
The Amazon River has a length of 6387km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
However, the construction of pyramids from stones continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of pyramids in Giza has not been surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians, they were enthralled by the monuments that their predecessors created more than a thousand years ago.
The Vatican City has a population of about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the smallest population country.
In the Vatican, Italian is used in legislation and official communications.
Italian is also a daily language for most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
People have known the basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easy to obtain with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that all is composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also conjectured that they would transform into a new state, to get what we see.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also such metals as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of such non-metal elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the Universe consists of matter. All matter consists of atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small, that trillions of them can fit in the end of this sentence.
So the pencil became a good friend for many people when it appeared.
It is sad that when new ways of writing appeared, pencil lost its former status and it is less used.
Now, people write messages on screens of computers, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
It is only a matter of speculation as to what will happen to the keyboard with the introduction of more new technologies.
The atomic bomb is based on the principle that for a large number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, energy is
Like to push a heavy cart up a hill. Then the re-splitting of the nucleus releases part of this energy." #
Some atoms have a non-stable nucleus which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence." #
The outer layer of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents.
She is thinner under the lunar seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side there may be more moon seas, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to rise
Content theories are focused on finding what makes people act or may interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate within the process of growing up.
These theories turn to the fact that what makes people want to do what they do, and what makes their surroundings want to do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories of content—the "Pyramid of needs" and the "Two-factor theory of motivation" of Gerzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can emerge when managers start to manage people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is trying to remain "his or her own man" (or woman).
Those who are unable to take unpopular decisions, discipline measures, evaluate the results of work, distribute responsibilities and to punish employees.
On the other end of the spectrum, the man becomes an unrecognizable individual, who seems to have to change everything that the team did, and take it over.
The manager is ultimately responsible for the success or failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to conflicts between leaders and other members of the team.
Virtual teams are held to the same standards of skill as regular teams, but there are small differences.
Virtual members of the team often perform the role of a point of contact for their physical team.
They are usually more autonomous than employees of traditional organizations, because their teams can meet in accordance with different time zones, which is not always understand local management.
The presence of a true "invisible" team (Lasson and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of the virtual team.
The invisible team" - this is a team of leaders, who reports to each participant. The invisible team sets standards for each participant.
Why would an organization go through the tedious process of creating self-learning organizations? One of the goals of using self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all the available resources are effectively used in all functional units of the organization, creativity and innovation may be manifested.
In the end, a united effort by the organization to overcome the obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that will meet the interests of the client.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge exchange and accumulation of experience.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used for helping organizations to achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The data from neurobiology provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to studying consciousness. This narrows the field of study, and it becomes much more precise.
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It has long been known that various types of injuries, trauma, injuries and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
The introduction of new technologies allows us to see and explore the unseen previously structures and processes of the brain.
This provides us with a large volume of data and materials to create and simulate mental models that help us understand the processes taking place in our minds.
Although AI is often associated with science fiction, it is a very important area of computer science, which studies the behavior and learning of machines and "infusing" them with intelligence.
AI research includes the creation of machines for automation tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
Here are some examples that you can use: control, planning and creating a schedule, responding to diagnoses and questions from the customer, as well as recognizing face, handwriting and voice.
These issues are dealt with in separate disciplines, the purpose of which is to solve the problems we face in everyday life.
The use of artificial intelligence is often used in economics, medicine, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Educational excursions are very important for any class. Very often teachers want to take their students there, where it is not possible to get to by bus.
The technology provides a solution through virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit an aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art of sitting with their class.
The posting of the tour in the virtual space for general viewing is also a good way to refresh the memory of the tour and to share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennet High School in South Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital city of South Carolina, and each year the site is updated, but access to old versions is still available — they serve as
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this is usually changed due to the presence of audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive for perfection in his or her writing in order to avoid criticism.
In addition, they are inspired to be smart and interesting, attracting the attention of readers (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is an instrument that stimulates cooperation, and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
Use of blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet-based materials, students can determine their position in the context of other works, and also present their own views on specific issues (Oravek, 2002
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a large number of art galleries and museums that open up the past and present of Canada.
Then to the south is the Niagara Falls, and the north is the home of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and surrounding areas.
All those things and more make Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are rarely populated, while some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of population: in the US more blacks than Canadians.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean near the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other and is a picturesque continent in that respect.
Almost all of the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as luxurious beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the fifteenth century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India
The region is bounded on the north by Sahel, on the south by the Atlantic Ocean, and on the west by the Mediterranean Sea.
For women: all tourists are advised to say that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
Also useful to wear ring (not too expensive to look at).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may make them feel that they are being pursued, women are often pursued, they are being taken by the hand, etc.
Stand firmly against men and do not be afraid to stand on your own (this is not allowed regardless of cultural differences).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by fishermen-Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Carthaginians and Meroeans as a strategic port,
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the Castle of Kazan-Branka, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The King of Morocco rebuilt the city of Ed-Dare-el-Beida, and the Spanish traders who created here trading bases, named it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
In the old medina you can find places where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs and a whole range of trinkets, but all this
GOMA is a tourist town on the eastern edge of the Democratic Republic of Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was destroyed by lava from the volcano Niragongo, which buried under its streets, especially the central part of the city.
Goma is a safe place, but it is important to check the information on travel outside Goma, to understand the state of the fighting in the province of North Kivu.
This city is also the starting point for the ascent of the volcano Nyiragongo, and also you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at the most affordable price in Africa.
You can also go to Goma on a boda-boda (motorbike taxi). The normal (local) price is 500 congolese francs for a short ride.
In view of its remoteness, "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for an exotic far land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists and there is an airport in it.
In 1990, it was added to the list of World Heritage sites at risk due to sand dunes.
When shooting the PBS show "African Wonders", one of the most important stops was made here.
This city is different from other cities in the country, because it is predominantly Arab, not African.
The Kruger National Park is situated in the north-east of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique on the east, with Zimbabwe on the north, its
The park area is 19 500 km2; it is divided into 14 different ecozones, each of which is a habitat for different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, in this park there is a daily fee for its protection and visit.
Also, it may be beneficial to buy a Wild Card, which allows you to visit national parks of South Africa either selectively, or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honor of the island of Hong Kong, the place many tourists consider the main object of their attention.
The line of buildings forming the horizon of Hong Kong is compared to a sparkling column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour." #
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, it is necessary to leave the island and go to the coast of the Tsuen Wan peninsula, which is
The largest part of the urban districts of the development of Hong Kong is concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the north shore.
This is the place that the British colonists took, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, this is a good place to start
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt extending from the shoreline to 80 km (50 miles) into the continent in Bangladesh and India." #
Sundaram was designated by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park of Sundaram." #
The forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain.
Sundaran occupies a total area of 3850 square kilometers, of which about one third is covered with water or bogs.
Sundaran is a wildlife reserve, and according to the latest counts, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer in the area.
The buses depart from the inter-district bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most, especially those heading east and to Jakar/Bumthang, depart at 0
Because inter-district buses are often overcrowded, it is advisable to purchase a ticket in advance.
Most of the districts are served by small Japanese buses, comfortable and reliable.
Bus is a convenient and fast way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punakha (200 ngultrum).
The Oyapock Bridge is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyap
The two towers reach 83 metres high, and the bridge itself is 378 metres long and has two lanes of traffic, 3.5 meters wide.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011 and it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group inhabiting the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters, who
The area of Chaco served as home to many different local tribes, for example for Guaicuro and Paguayu, they survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
In 1516, Paraguay, which had previously been called "the vast province of the East Indies", was created as a result of the conflict between Spanish conquistadors and i
The Spaniards began the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
From its inception in 1537, Paraguay has mostly been able to retain its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams, as well as the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on polo fields in Las Canitas.
Less important tournaments and matches can also be viewed in another season.
To learn about the Argentine polo matches and where to buy tickets, visit the website of the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of Falkland Islands is Falkland Islands Pound (FKP), which is equivalent to one British Pound Sterling (GBP).
Money can be exchanged in one bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the shop FIC West.
Typically, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, also often accept credit cards and US dollars.
On remote islands, credit cards may not be accepted, although British and American currency may be accepted; clarify with the owners which payment method is acceptable.
The Falkland Islands’ currency is virtually impossible to exchange outside the islands, so exchange your money before you leave.
Because Montevideo is located to the south of the equator, there is summer in the Northern Hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the tropics. In summer months, the temperature of the air above +30° C is a normal occurrence.
Winter can be deceiving cold: the temperature rarely drops below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates a feeling of colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There are no particularly "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain is the same all year round.
Although many animals in the park are used to seeing people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb the animals.
The administration of the park warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and do not approach more than 25 yards/meters to all other
No matter how submissive they look, - bison, deer, bears and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year hundreds of visitors get injured because they do not respect the right distance. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid preparing or wearing with you smelly food, and maintain cleanliness in the camp.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of around 40 000 inhabitants.
Apia was founded in 1850s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The harbor was the site of a bitterly-contested naval battle in 1889 when seven German, U. S. and British ships
All ships sank, except one British cruiser. The death toll was about 200 American and German sailors.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, peaceful assembly in the town led to the murder of the supreme leader Tupou Ta’
There are many beaches, as Auckland is located on the shores of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three
North Shore beaches are fringed by the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Bay on the north to Devonport on the south.
All these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them shaded thanks to such trees as the pohutakawa.
In the Central District of Auckland, where the bay of Wāti Whātea is located, prestigious residential suburbs of Mill Bay and St Heliers are located.
This is sometimes crowded with people of families with good choice of shops, located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that can be drunk, but New Zealand and Australian wines can be better transported.
Local water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have concerns, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
Australians don’t understand the idea of "flat white". "The "little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they are of excellent quality.
On the reef there are many trips, and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the reef are rare.
Although you should follow the advice of the authorities, obey all signs and pay attention to safety warnings.
Colubridae are found in the vicinity of beaches and river mouths to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be
Sharks are real, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
These crocodiles do not live in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers to the north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booking allows a traveler to not worry about where to stay when they arrive at the destination.
Tour operators often conclude deals with specific hotels, but you can book other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites.
Tour operators usually sell packages of offers, which include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport, or even combined packages, which include flight and accommodation
In addition, they can save the reservation, if you need time to think about the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, visas
Any changes or requests should be sent to the travel agency first, rather than directly to the hotel.
Some music festivals have a large majority of participants sleeping on the grounds of the festival, and many of them consider it an essential part of the festival.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to come in advance to find a place to camp near the music.
Remember that even if music on the main stages is already over, there may still be areas where music will continue to play until the early hours.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, learn about the cabin location as it can cause quite a disturbing noise that can disturb the most sensitive people.
Cruises to Saint Petersburg include walking tours. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (please check conditions).
In most cases, casinos try to make their customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. There are no clocks and windows, and it is difficult to find exits.
In them, usually, special food, drinks and entertainment are offered to guests so that they stay in a good mood and do not leave the establishment.
In some establishments, they offer free alcohol. However, drunkenness blinds the mind, and all good players know how important it is to stay sober.
Everyone who plans to drive across high-mountain regions or across snow-covered passes should be aware of the possibility of snow, ice or frost.
On the icy and snowy road, friction is low, and you can't drive as smoothly as on the normal pavement.
In the snowstorm, enough snow to get stuck can fall very quickly.
The visibility can also be limited due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, the weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and the traffic continues all year round almost without breaks.
Safari is probably the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travellers.
Safari" in everyday use means a land trip with the purpose of seeing the breathtaking wild nature of Africa, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach machines, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lions, elephants and leopards sometimes are cautious, and you will look at them better through a telescope.
Walking safari (also called "field research", "hiking safari" or "walking excursion") consists of a walk lasting from several hours to several days.
The Paralympic Games will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only city in Asia that twice hosted summer Olympic Games. The first time they were held here in 1964.
If you booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the announcement was made, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
Order cancellation rules may vary, but at the end of March most rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were planned.
It is expected that most of the tickets for events will cost from 2,500 to 130,000 yen, with a standard ticket price of about 70,000 yen.
Drying wet clothes helps it to dry. Many hotels provide a iron and ironing board, even if they are not available in the room.
If you don’t have a hair dryer or you don’t like the idea of wearing freshly ironed socks, you can try a hair dry
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperatures (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are various ways to purify water, some of them more effective against specific threats.
In some places it is enough to boil water for a minute, in others it will take a few minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and in the case of doubts you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a reputable company.
Travelers can encounter pests that they haven’t seen in their native lands.
Infestations can spoil food, cause irritation or, worse, cause allergic reactions, release poison or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which may cause injury or death to a human being, are usually not considered pests.
Duty-free shopping" - it is a possibility to buy in certain points goods without taxes and duties.
Travellers heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount, especially on such items as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The section between Pointe-Marie and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, forested and mountainous terrain
If you're not used to driving on country roads, be on your guard: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
Set Speed Limits are Significantly Lower Than on Previous and Following Sections - usually 35-40 Miles/H (56-64 KM/H) - and strict adherence to them
However, as you might have guessed, mobile phone service here much better than on many other sections of the route, such as in Pennsylvania, Wyoming.
German bakery goods are quite good. In Bavaria they are quite abundant and diverse and look like baked goods from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cakes are popular all year round, and cherries and plums appear in summer.
In German cakes often use walnuts, almonds and other hardwood nuts. Popular cakes often combine with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but tasty sweet confectionery, try what, depending on the region, is called donuts or pancakes with filling.
Cari is a dish based on herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
In the case of the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "wet".
In the interior of Pakistan and the North of India in curry is actively used yogurt. In South India and in some regions of the coastal subcontinent usually use coconut milk
Indonesian cuisine, having 17,500 islands to choose from, is a general term used to refer to a vast variety of regional cuisines that are found throughout the country." #
But without any further clarification, this term is usually used to refer to food from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, which is widely popular throughout the archipelago, includes a wide range of simple dishes. The most popular flavorings are almonds, chili, sugar (especially yavanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices
Horseshoes are the legs of the rider, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the horse with better stability, but there are security issues because there is the possibility of a foot stuck.
If the horse drops the rider, but his foot is caught in the stirrup, a running horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take a number of precautions.
First of all, most riders wear boots for riding with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual saddles, especially English, are equipped with protective braces, which allow the leather stirrup to fall off the saddle, if it is pulled back by a falling rider.
Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
On top you can enjoy spectacular mountain scenery. Climbers from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve descending on snow covered slopes on attached skis or snowboards.
Alpine skiing is the main tourist destination for many ski enthusiasts (sometimes called'ski bums') who plan their entire holiday around skiing in a particular place.
The idea of skiing is very old: the archaeological drawings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC.
Skiing as a sport dates back at least to the XVII century, and in 1861 the Norwegians opened the first entertainment ski club in Australia.
Skiing tourism is also known as backcountry skiing, skitouring or hiking on skis.
It is related, but not usually includes walking up the mountain and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
Imagine that the ski route is a pedestrian route.
With good conditions you can travel several times longer distances than walking, but you can only develop this speed in rare cases when you do not have a heavy backpack and there is a marked trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent states. In normal circumstances travelling through many states would mean the need to apply for a visa and multiple passport controls.
But the Schengen area in this respect is functioning as a single country.
When you are in this area, you usually can cross the border without going through the checkpoints again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries of the Schengen space separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as antiques.
There are geographic variants of this concept, where the age limit in such places as North America is less than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as antiques, despite the fact that they are younger than mass-produced products.
The reindeer herding is an important source of livelihood for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this is a tradition, not all the representatives of the people of Sami were engaged in the mass breeding of deer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using deer mainly as a carriage animal." #
Today, many Sami are employed in modern professions. Tourism is a major source of income in the Sami region of Lapland.
The word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If the country to which you are going is under a travel advisory, this may affect your medical insurance during your trip or your trip insurance cancellation policy.
Maybe you should consult with other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their own citizens.
Here is an example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East may face situations that they cannot face in Europe or Arabs.
In the news reports, only briefly described the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified compared to the widely available more detailed information.
Unfavourable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause any damage, cause serious social upheavals or lead to human casualties.
Bad weather conditions are everywhere in the world, and they vary in type, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rains and forest fires are manifestations and effects of harsh weather phenomena such as hurricanes, tornadoes, watersp
This shall include without limitation snowstorms, dust storms, ice storms, and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly advised to take into account any risks associated with harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
Everyone who plans to visit a country that may be considered a war zone should undergo professional training.
Searching for the phrase "course on safety in hostile environment", may yield a local company address.
The course is usually much more in-depth in addressing all the themes addressed here, more often with practice.
The course usually lasts for 2 to 5 days and includes playing scenarios, a large volume of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines about survival in the wild are very common, but there are very few reports about combat zones.
People wishing to undergo gender reassignment surgery abroad should ensure that they have valid documents for the return journey.
The government is ready to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated with the desired name and sex in different places.
The readiness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under the documents is so varied.
The checkpoints have become more rigorous after the events of September 11, 2001.
Transgenders who are preparing for surgery should not expect to be scanned, and their privacy and dignity should not be affected.
A breakwater is a wave that breaks against a shore or sometimes against a reef or something similar.
Reverse flow concentrates in a few deeper areas where it can form a fast current, which can go to a greater depth, due to such a submerged topology.
The majority of deaths occur as a result of exhaustion attempting to return to the water against the current, which can be impossible.
As soon as you leave the current, it will be easier to float back than usual.
Try going there where you will not be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may well wait for rescue.
The shock to return to the home country is earlier than the cultural shock (here the shorter romantic period lasts longer and is more severe), lasts longer and is more difficult." #
Travelers who are easily accustomed to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adjust to their own culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and have lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, were more tolerant and understanding, knowing that travellers need to adapt to a new country.
For many people it may be unexpected that patience and understanding is required and to travelers who have returned home.
Sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show begins.
Often, there is a sound of tourists and vendors. The history of sound and light is like a book with stories.
The Sphinx is the background and the storyteller of the long story.
The scenes show on the pyramids, and different pyramids are illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands are claimed by several countries. There are more than half a dozen bases on these islands and in 2020 there will be sixteen active bases.
The archipelago is located 120 km from the peninsula. The largest island is named after King George with the settlement of Villa-Las-Esquilaces.
Others include the island of Livingston and Deception, where the submerged caldera of an active volcano is a spectacular natural harbor.
Elsewhere in the Eluthera region, the sea of Bellingshausen is in the vicinity.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain range called Eluthera, divided by the Icefields of Minnesota into
In the northern part, that is on the spine of the Sentinel, there are the highest mountains of Antarctica - the massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4
In remote areas outside the coverage area of a mobile phone satellite phone may be your only option.
Usually, a satellite phone is not a replacement for a mobile phone because you need to be outside in direct line of sight with the satellite, to call.
The service is often used in maritime transport, including cruise ships, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communications.
Most likely you will be able to get more information about this service by calling your local telecommunications operator.
The option becoming more popular for those who plan to take an academic year, is to travel and to learn.
This is especially popular among graduates of secondary schools, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting their education at risk.
In many cases, the admission to any course abroad during the academic vacation can actually increase your chances of admission to higher educational institutions in your home country.
Generally, fees are charged for such programmes.
Finland is a good place for boat tourism. In "land of thousands lakes" there are also thousands of islands in lakes and in archipelagoes.
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can quite well live without a boat.
While the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayak leave quite different impressions.
Sailing is a national form of leisure in Finland. In particular, one boat for seven or eight people.
The same situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is one to four).
Most Baltic cruises include extended stay in St. Petersburg.
This means that you can spend several full days in this historic city, and sleep on the ship.
If you go to the beach only as an excursion on a ship, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
Some cruise brochures feature Berlin, Germany. You can see on the map above that Berlin is far from the sea and the visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Traveling by airplane can be frightening for anyone of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: it is not different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are present in many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from the unknown or inability to control the process.
Delivery services are paid well for fast delivery. Sometimes the speed of delivery of commercial documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repairs is very important.
Some routes have their own aircraft for larger companies, but for smaller companies with this was a problem.
If they were to send anything as an air cargo, then the loading and clearance of customs could take several days.
The only way to get it sorted out is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's rules do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, so you have to be
The obvious way to fly first or business class is to pay for this privilege (or better yet, to force your company to pay for you).
Of course, this is very expensive - in rough approximation you will pay four times more in economy class for business and in eleven times more for first class!
Often, there's no point even looking for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know that there is a certain core group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot of money for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and comfortably, so they charge a premium.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely spoken.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
In 1994 this conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed Transdniestria in the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by
However, despite the failure of political negotiations, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova have been restored.
The main religion in Moldova is the Orthodox Christian religion.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3,7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transport hub.
Even though the ancient city of Sidon is today a modern, developed and lively trading centre, situated along the vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass facades of modern shopping malls, the traditional roofs with red tiles, the market of the 17th century, old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean atmosphere than traditional Turkey.
From the village Haldorskvik you can see the island of Esturai, which is also home to an unusual octagonal church.
Some of the graves have interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It is worth a half an hour and a walk through an unusual village.
It is comparatively close to the north, the romantic and charming town of Sintra, praised by Lord Byron and known to the world after that.
The Scotturb bus No 403 runs regular routes to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
North of the city, visit also the great Fatima Church (the tomb of the Virgin Mary) — a place of world-famous manifestations of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you are in fact in the place of a brother's grave, and the place that is unbelievably important for a large percentage of the inhabitants of the earth.
There are still many men and women who survived their stay here, but there are also more people whose relatives were killed here or worked here until death, whether it was Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all the seriousness, respect and dignity it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Do not make yourselves unclean by defacing or scratching graffiti on the objects around.
Official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most of the signs are only displayed in Catalan language, because it is the first official language.
However, Spanish language is also widely used in public transport and other public places." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
The ordinary announcements in the metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced by an automatic system in several languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be arrogant, rude and self-centered.
Let’s face it, this is just a false stereotype, but the best way to succeed in Paris is to act as a "bien élevé" (well-bred) person. This will make it much easier to adapt in this city
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish, if you show a little politeness.
The national park of Plitvicka Jezera is heavily forested, mainly with beech, oak and pine, and is a mixture of alpine and mediterranean vegetation.
Because of the diversity of microclimates, different soils and elevations, the island has a particularly wide range of plant communities.
The area is rich in many different types of animals and birds.
Here you can meet rare species of fauna, for example, European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, fox, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
When visiting monasteries women should wear skirts below the knees and covered shoulders.
In most monasteries, women are given clothing if they come unprepared, but if you take your own, especially brightly colored, monk or nun will smile at you.
Likewise, men should wear pants that would cover their knees.
They can be taken at the entrance, however this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size for all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as the cuisine of similar regions in the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with widespread use of olive oil.
The most popular dish for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, which means you, always write with capital letters even in the middle of the sentence.
It is important to distinguish verbs and adverbs.
This is also likely to simplify reading, while the letter is slightly complicated by the fact that we need to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
The pronunciation of Italian is relatively simple, because most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is necessary to be particularly careful with letters c and g, since their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In Persian, the language is relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
Therefore, reading this Persian grammar textbook will help you to learn a lot of new and to understand the expressions.
Obviously, if you speak a Romance language group, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, those who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and that it can be learned separately.
Ancient Observatories are usually considered outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution in their prime was not such a problem as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in our time.
Most modern astronomical telescopes are huge structures in remote places with favorable weather conditions.
The contemplation of sakura, called "khans", has entered Japanese culture since the VIII century.
This idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan, the first celebrations of the cherry blossoms were held only for the imperial family and other members of the aristocracy at the imperial palace.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't be tempted to take one.
Visiting an officially organized garden collection will lead to the expulsion without any conversation.
Singapore is a very safe place, where it is easy to orient yourself, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, being in the "deep tropical" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to cope with both heat (continuously) and strong sun (when the sky is clear,
Also there are several buses going north to Hebron - a legendary place of burial of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and
Make sure that the bus you are about to board is heading to Hevron, not just to a nearby Jewish settlement in Kiryat Arba.
Internal waterways can be a good topic for any celebration.
For example, a visit to castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise along the Danube canal, or a boat trip along the canal
They also define the paths for popular footpaths and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the traditions associated with this festival have also been adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and throughout the world.
There is a tradition of going to sleep at night, not going to bed, in some open place, so as to see sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it is quite possible that it was a pagan ritual of spring and fertility.
More traditional churches often hold the Easter service on Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, with the congregation usually starting at midnight celebrating the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that originally arrived here, arrived here by boat, by plane or by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals could not get to the islands, making the giant tortoise the main meat-eating animal on the
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been imported, including cattle, horses, cows, rats,
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic in winter, you will know what it is like to have a polar night, when the sun does not rise above the horizon." #
This is a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and as a result, light pollution is not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars." #
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than that which is familiar to Westerners.
Dress are the standard business attire, and colleagues address each other by their first names or by their titles
It is extremely important to maintain harmony at work, and the results of group work are valued more highly than
Often employees must obtain permission of the boss before taking any decisions and must obey the orders of the boss.
