Now we have four-month old mice, who have no diabetes anymore.
According to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, Professor of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and Chairman of Clinical and Scientific Department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still at an early stage.
As some other experts, he doubts that diabetes is cured, pointing out that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes.
The Nobel Committee has decided to suspend its attempts to contact Bob Dylan and inform him that he has won the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2016, the Nobel Prizes press office said in a statement.
Danius said: "At the moment we are not doing anything. I have called and sent emails to his closest colleague and received very friendly replies. At the moment, that is
Ring CEO Jamie Sinofsky said that the company began with the fact that he didn't hear the doorbell ringing in his garage.
He said that he created the doorbell that works with WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance on the show "Shark Tank" in 2013, where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017 the singer appeared on the TV channel QVC.
In addition, Ring settled the lawsuit with its competitors, the security company ADT Corporation.
Although there was a vaccine that could reduce the mortality rate of Ebola virus disease, there is no vaccine that has shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but the official studies have shown that it has a lower benefit in preventing death than previously expected.
The study used the PALM as a control, which meant that the scientists used it as a base and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the US Olympic Committee and agrees that creating a safe environment for all our athletes is absolutely necessary.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that the interests of our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more appropriately, the reform of our organization, rather than its certification cancellation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would have the power to shine a light on how such a large scale violence, so brazenly described by survivors of Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all the necessary and appropriate changes in this case.
The US Gymnastics Federation and the US Olympic Committee have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes could pursue their goals in a safe, positive environment and have all the rights.
In the 1960s, he served as a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976 he advised Carter on foreign policy. Then from 1977 to 1981 he worked as a national security advisor, succeeding Kissinger.
He was a close advisor to Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the signing of the Camp David Accords in 1978, the normalization of Sino-American relations in the 1970s, the formulation of policy towards the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with the hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan
The film stars Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone and was nominated in all the major categories.
Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone have been nominated for the Best Actor and Best Actress awards respectively.
In addition to the nominations for the best film, the best director, the best cinematography, the best costume design, the original music, the sound, and the original screenplay.
Two songs from the movie — Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The Lionsgate Studio was nominated in 26 categories — more than any other studio." #
At about 10 p.m. on Sunday, President Trump through his press secretary said that the US troops would leave Syria.
The statement was made after the phone call between President Donald Trump and President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
In addition, Turkey will play the main role in the issue of the protection of captured fighters of the “Islamic State”, who according to the statement of the European countries were not willing to return home.
It is also corroborated that, at least, some dinosaurs had feathers, which is a widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not obtainable from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
Scientists say that the feathers of this bird were a light brown on the top, and a pale yellow on the bottom. It had either a yellow or a reddish-brown color.
The find also allows you to learn about the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed quill, called quill, but still have other distinguishing features — beards and beards — researchers have concluded that the quill, probably, evolved later by evolution.
The structure of feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. The researchers assumed that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample presented adult feathers, not feathers of a chick." #
The researchers speculated that despite the fact that this tail is a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not chick feathers.
Last night, a car bomb exploded near the Police Headquarters of Gaziantep (Turkey), killing two policemen and injuring more than 20 people." #
The governor's office said that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
Police said that the suspected militant of Daesh (ISIS) was involved in the attack.
They found that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that the activity of all stars in the system is determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total luminosity and rotation of the star are used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The number of Rossby is less than the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in respect to reversals of the magnetic field.
Iwasaki often got into trouble while traveling.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, avoided a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in
802.11n works on both frequencies - 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure its backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual receiver
802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two under-aged children, did not impress Miller, who told this story.
When Daniel Miller asked for a comment, he said “Mike talks a lot during the listening sessions, so I prepared myself, so I didn't really listen to what he was saying
We will take measures to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 compared to 2005 levels," said Hu.
He did not name a figure for budget cuts, saying that they would be made on the basis of the Chinese economy's productivity.
Hu urged developing countries to avoid the old system, in which they first pollute, and then clean up.
He added that "they should not be asked to assume obligations that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the TN study group on Iraq presented its report.
He warns: "Nobody can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation will stop the religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains a sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive branch in Iraq and a call for immediate change of course.
The first recommendation is that the new diplomatic initiative should be implemented by the end of this year to strengthen the Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention, and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current senator and First Lady of Argentina, Christina Fernández de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for the presidency yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Hailing from the Argentine Theatre, Ms Kirschner announced her intention to run for the presidency in the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreements over the cost of providing material support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives in jest referred to as the “New Orleans deal” of the Bush administration.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that the contracts for reconstruction were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral of Pope John Paul II.
The number of people present was so great that not all could get into St. Peter’s Square where the funerals were taking place.
In various parts of Rome large television screens were installed, so that people could watch the ceremony.
These platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities in Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past FBI policy for spending a large portion of its resources on cases that are easy to prove, especially on cases of car theft, in order to increase the success of the agency." #
Congress began funding the initiative to fight pornography in 2005 tax year and decided that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to fight adult pornography.
Robin Wattappa scored the most points in an inning: 70 points in 41 attempts, blocked 11 shots and 2 steals.
The middle-distance runners of the team, Sindhu Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, who won the team’s first-ever medal in the Asian Games,
However, after losing the Kalita Captain India made only 36 runs, losing 7 kalitkas for the completion of innings.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on November 16, beginning his week-long tour of Asia.
He was welcomed by the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats in the mid-term elections, Bush announced that he was expanding trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the consideration of the general party committee until the second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Layton in the
The Prime Minister asked for changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party’s environmental bill.
The federal government intervened and took over the funding of the hospital in the town of Meredith (Tasmania) and some members of the federal parliament criticised this as a ruse in the run-up to federal elections, which are due in November.
But John Howard said that this was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the Tasmanian government through the allocation of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest data, the level of the sea indicated the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Paho-Paho and Niue.
The Tonga government has not received any reports of serious damage or casualties, but there has been a temporary power outage, which, according to preliminary information, has prevented the Tonga government from receiving a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific T
There are 14 schools on the Hawaiian Islands, located near the coast or on it, which were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of warnings.
President George W. Bush welcomed this statement.
The White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said that North Korea’s promise to denuclearize the Korean peninsula was a "big step in the right direction".
Today, in the Atlantic Ocean, a subtropical cyclone named Jerry has formed, it is the tenth named cyclone in the Atlantic this season.
According to the National Hurricane Center, Hurricane Jerry is not a threat to land at this time.
The US Army's chief engineer said that 6 inches of rain could have caused the levees to break.
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded at 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is now at least half-submerged because the levee, which is nearby, was not high
The water pours over the dam on a 100-foot stretch.
The administrator of the Commons Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment in the removal of his conversation in July with Wikinews.
He lied to us from the very beginning. First of all, acting as if it was necessary to do this on legal grounds. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images.
The public outcry led to the development of a regulation on content of sexual nature for this site, where millions of media materials are available with open licenses.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
So, too, the Moon attracts the Earth, causing tides, and the Milky Way affects the galaxy in the Sign of the C
The scientists have concluded that the dark matter affects the dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a large part of the dark matter around the Galaxy is in the form of a ring and consists of a large number
In the news reports, the smoke is said to be coming from a factory.
Local authorities have warned residents living nearby the station, to stay in the rooms, to turn off the air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Nuclear Management of Japan, the plant was found to have radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities believe that this indicates a possible leak and rupture in the containers with uranium fuel located on the site.
In the southern African region of KwaZulu-Natal, Dr. Tony Moll has discovered tuberculosis with exceptionally high resistance to drugs (XDR-TB).
He said that the new strain is very dangerous because it causes very high mortality rates.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were employees of the hospital.
In one year an infected person can infect up to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with multidrug-resistant TB in a whole group of patients with TB is still low; 6000 out of 330 000 infected in the current moment in South Africa.
The satellites, each weighing more than 1, 000 pounds and traveling at a speed of approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
We are told that the explosion caused by collision was very powerful.
They are still trying to determine how big the collision was and how much damage will be done to the Earth.
The U.S. Strategic Command is looking for debris.
The results of the analysis of the graphs will be posted on the public website.
The charges against the doctor will be brought against her after her mother was found dead in her car in the back of her car, according to authorities in Ohio.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found in Blue Ash (Ohio), about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He lay on the ground next to the road in a shirt and underwear and, apparently, in a state of strong
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which lay a good 500 feet away.
They found Saroj Balasubramanian, covered in bloody sheets.
Police said that the body was probably there for several days.
The first cases of infection in this season was reported in July.
The carriers are swine, from which the disease is transmitted through mosquitoes to the human.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as setting up traps for cattle in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spray
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health care institutions for the next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines to the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Slane moved to Sweden, where he worked for the Swedish Postal Company for three years, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is so well known for its quality and detail that he is one of the few "generic names" among stamp collectors. Some specialise only in collecting his work.
His magnificent thousand-mark of the year 2000 reproduces the "Great deeds of the Swedish Kings" by David-Clecker Erich, it is entered in the Guinness Book of World
In addition, he was engaged in the engraving of banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his works are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada,
After the accident Gibson was taken to hospital, but soon died.
64-year-old truck driver in an accident did not get hurt.
The car was removed from the scene on the same day at approximately 12:00 GMT.
The man who worked in the garage near the place where the accident occurred said: ‘There were children standing there waiting to cross the road. All of them were crying and wailing.’
Everyone ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
The other issues on the agenda at the Bali meeting include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technologies to help developing countries with lower environmental impacts.
The United Nations hopes to complete the creation of a fund to help countries suffering from global warming to combat its consequences.
These funds can go towards building houses that are resistant to floods, using water wisely and diversifying crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about their female health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion because of the numerous positive comments and support received by her as well as from women and men, who argued that contraceptive pills should be considered as a medical necessity." #
When the fight ended, the prisoners who were injured were taken to the hospital, and then there were still 40 prisoners left in the yard and refused to return to their
The negotiators tried to fix the situation, but the demands of the prisoners were not clear.
At 10:00 pm in the mountain time, the prisoners set fire to the yard.
In a few minutes, the guards in riot gear arrived at the yard and dragged the prisoners into the corner, using tear gas.
In the result of the fire brigade extinguished the fire at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, the seasonal floods that spread the deposits on the river stopped.
This sediment was needed to form beaches and sandy shores, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two species of fish, and two others, including the endangered red-throated goby, were placed
While the water level will rise only a few feet, authorities are hoping that this will be enough to restore washed out sandbars below the stream.
No tsunami warnings were issued and, according to a report from the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the magnitude of the earthquake did not reach 6.5 points.
Because there is no threat of tsunami, people began to panic and leave their offices and homes.
But when she was ready to cry, she gave a clear indication to her fans that she would return.
It will not be a farewell. It is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia indicate that the incumbent president, President Hifikepunye Pohamba,
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) in South Africa also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
The coalition forces have moved to a safe area, and another aircraft has been sent to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is thought that it was the result of enemy fire.
The attempts to locate the crash site are hampered by bad weather and the rugged mountain terrain.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has said that the outbreak is the worst in the country's history.
The representative of the international medical aid organization Doctors Without Borders Richard Viman said: "Angola is heading for its worst outbreak in years, and the situation in
The games started at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not for the occasional drizzle that quickly passed, it was an ideal day for 7-a-side Rugby
The South Africans started the tournament with a winning start, when they beat Zimbabwe 26-00 in the first match of the tournament.
Looking much worse in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defense, excellent ball control and a high level of teamwork, and it was clear that beating them was going to be difficult.
Official representatives of the authorities of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank House declare that the tree is infected with a fungus and represents a public danger, because there is a direct
The plan was to cut it down on Tuesday, but the extraordinary court decided to keep it.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were named "Seven Sisters," is not less than 100-250 meters (328-820 feet)." #
The data from the infrared images show that the caves are probably caves.
At night, they are cooler than the surrounding surface, and at night they are warmer.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of the large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they correspond to the deep pits in the ground, - said Glenn Cushing of the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted low-tech: the voter closes himself in a booth and places a previously printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate to be elected, in a sealed envelope.
After the commissioner verifies the identity of the voter, he drops the envelope into the voting box and signs in the list of voters.
French elections legislation is quite strict in its classification of procedures.
From 1988, the ballot boxes shall be transparent so that voters and observers could be sure that at the beginning of voting inside there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes added to them other than those of the persons allowed to vote and whose votes were counted properly.
Candidates can send their representatives to monitor the whole process. At night, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict control according to a special procedure.
The series of ASUS Eee PC, previously presented in all the world with an orientation on such factors as cost-efficiency and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market for notebooks will change radically after the awarding of ASUS the Taiwan Excellence Award for stability by the People's Republic of China in
The station website describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted view!
The show was broadcast only on the website of an online radio called TogiNet Radio, dedicated to radio discussions.
In the end of 2015 TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The first time the show was acted by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, the mass looting continued all night, because there were no law enforcement officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being in a state of anarchic chaos, as groups of people ran around the streets and robbed shops with consumer
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of being lawless.
South Africa beats "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the Rugby Championship match at Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa." #
The final score was 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
For the "Spingbox" it was the end of a five-game losing streak.
This match was the last for the "All Blues", who won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be held in Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
The US Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Seismic Information Center (NSIDC) have not received any urgent messages
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) northeast of Dilltown and about 65 km (40 miles)
The dead duck was found in a marsh near Le-Le-Nez in the eastern part of France," the French health ministry said in a statement.
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by the Ebola virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
The German philosopher, who was a member of the German parliament, was sued by the Church of Scientology for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people
Agnostic William Quenby claims that his lawsuit is "a trivial matter" and "anyone can file a lawsuit against anyone
The story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, tells of a painter who is "driven by love of drugs and Japan
In the end, actors smoke marijuana on stage, and the Theatre encourages the audience to join.
The fourth, fifth and sixth place respectively took command of former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor
After the results were known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he was rude to Romney, who was the one who was broadcasting negative information against Gingrich in Iowa.
The US Secretary of State John Kerry has said he will return to Texas to assess the results of today’s party convention and determine whether he should continue his campaign.
Bashman, who won in the August poll in Amez, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, where he later died.
According to reports, he was 20 to 30 years old. Bieber said: "I was not present at the tragic incident and did not directly involve myself in it. My thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victims.
A popular entertainment website TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the stop by the police, before he crossed the street and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic twice had to order him to return
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer is likely to be charged with a minor traffic offence.
Due to the fact that the number of medals won in one day was only eighteen, some countries were unable to finish on the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Hannah Jochems, who finished ninth in the women's super-G standing yesterday, and Finland with Kaisa Saarikoski, who finished tenth in the same event.
Australian Mitchell Gurley finished 11th in the men's standing super-G race, while Czech Ondrich Elinek finished 16th in the men's standing super-G race.
Arly Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the super-giant in sitting position. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the standing position.
Poland's visually impaired skier Mateusz Kryzeł finished thirteenth in the super giant slalom. South Korean skier Park Chung-Hyun finished twenty-fourth in the super giant slalom among
UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010 are accused of spreading a disease that began near their military camp.
As the court states, the waste from the UN camp did not pass proper sanitary treatment, resulting in the bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of the largest in Haiti.
From the beginning of the 19th century, the country did not face problems with this disease.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy has cited a study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti has brought a disease to the country.
Daniel Lantan, the UN expert on this disease, said that the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the University of Harvard Hospital in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of infection with Ebola virus have been reported.
In the hospital, the protocol of infectious control was observed, including separate care of the patient, to prevent the possibility
Before "The Simpsons" he worked on various positions on several shows.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "The Happy Company" and "The Trevor Ullman Show.
In 1989 he helped create "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for this series.
While he left the show in 1993, he remained a producer and received a salary of tens of millions of dollars each season.
The plane was reportedly stolen by a group of armed men.
The plane was later reported to have received a threat of bombing and it was turned back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In early reports, the plane was returned to Afghanistan after it was denied an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air disasters are a common occurrence in Iran, where the aging fleet of aircraft is poorly maintained for civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new aircraft.
The previous week, in the aftermath of a police helicopter crash, three people were killed and three were injured.
In the past year, Iran's worst air disaster in years, when a plane carrying 168 people crashed in the country, killing all on board.
In the same month another plane crashed outside the runway in Deh-e Qāī and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
The rock band was supposed to tour the US and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after singer Steve Tyler was injured during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving for the match. The second set was a much closer affair,
Djokovic had a 5-2 lead in the second set, but the tie-breaker was required after the score
At the moment, Potro was given medical assistance for his shoulder and he was able to return to play.
The program began at 8:30 pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Śrī Ś
The evening began singer Sanjee Sharma, followed by singer Jai Shankar Chawda. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan also. He
Then Lakshman Singh took on the leadership of singing bhajans.
The 108 dishes of chappanya bhog were served to the goddess.
The singer Raghu Khandelval accompanied him.
President Nintendo Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new Nintendo Revolution at the "Tokyo Game Show" main presentation on Thursday." #
In the controller, which looks like a television remote control, two sensors are located next to the television of the user, which are used to calculate his position in 3
By moving the device in the air, players will be able to control the actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader of the race for most of the race, but he finished it after the pit stop, probably because of a badly-tightened right front wheel
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Fernando Alonso due to damage to the suspension caused by numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings," he said, referring to the transcript of the press conference.
I was deeply touched every time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after starting the vehicle's camera showed, how many pieces of insulating foam flew from the fuel tank.
However, it is supposed that they did not cause any damage to the spacecraft.
NASA Administrator Neil Young said the foam broke off "after a period of time that we are concerned about.
In five minutes before the start of the show the wind started to increase, minutes later it reached 70 km/h, then started to rain, so heavy and large, as if you were being hit by needles, then from the sky fell a rain of hail, people were screaming and bumping into each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two wheelchair-bound people, people just jumped over them and pushed them," said Arman Versace.
NHK also reported that Kashiwazaki Kariwa NPP, located in the prefecture of Niigata, was operating in a standard mode.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. announced that there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that the reactors No. 1 and No. 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped
According to the UN, about 9400 houses in the region were without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas, railway traffic has been interrupted and the airport in the Prefecture of Ishikawa is still closed." #
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the governor-general.
Three bombs were detonated near government buildings in the two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals, which died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and mela
A team of researchers at the University of California reported that these two compounds react with each other to form crystals that can block the function of
The researchers observed crystalline formations in cat urine caused by adding cyanuric acid and melamine.
In the course of the comparison using infrared Fourier spectroscopy it was found that the composition of these crystals corresponds to those found
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but a large part of the goods from Central America were imported into this
Nevertheless, eighty percent of our goods were subject to tariffs according to the rates in Central America.
It didn't seem to me to make any sense; of course it wasn't fair.
I tell people that you will be treated as you treat others.
The governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill banning the sale or rental of video games that use violence against minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence be sold in California with a sticker on it that says "18", and that selling games to minors is punishable by a fine of $1,000 for each violation.
Today, the General Prosecutor of the Republic of Kenya, Mr. Kier Starmer, a title-holder, made a statement that he had opened a criminal case against both Mr. Hunt and Mr. Price.
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Ministers his replacement will be the Member of Parliament Ed Davis. It is expected that the Member of Parliament Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister for Business.
Hyun and Price must appear in the Magistrates' Court of Westminster on 16 February.
Nicholas Alden, 25 years old, and Zachariah Caddebeck, 21 years old. Caddebeck was a driver.
Earl Virgil received a gunshot wound to the hand and a facial reconstruction.
The weapon of Uki failed to fire when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, he has missing part of his skull, and his face has
Schneider gave statements via video link from his base at the USAF base in his home country.
In addition to the competitions on Wednesday, Carpendino took part in two individual competitions at the championships.
Her first competition was downhill skiing, in which she did not finish the race. 36 of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in a sitting position with combined time of 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 minutes slower than the ninth-placed
The four women in the sitting group failed to finish their runs and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom failed to finish their runs.
The police of Madhya Pradesh have returned the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The accused have the names of Baba Kandjar, Bhuta Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Vishnu Kandjar.
Chief of Police Chandrashekhar Solanji said that the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although inside the building at the time of the impact, there were three people, nobody was injured.
But the driver received serious head injuries.
The road was temporarily closed while emergency services were freeing the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially admitted to James P. Getz Memorial Hospital in Greater Newark, New Jersey.
In the years following the Russian Revolution, he was transferred to the AKH in Vienna.
In the aftermath of the murder, the Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adeke with murdering her son.
She is in custody awaiting the prosecution and the hearing of her case, but any evidence she may give may be misused because of her popularity being widely used by the media
It is a usual practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish courts work differently, and courts have ruled that the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson from the University of Dundee says that "journalists seem to be walking a dangerous line, publishing photographs and other information about suspects.
The Royal Prosecution Service, which is responsible for prosecuting criminal cases, said that it would not make any further comments at least until the verdict is brought.
The document, according to a leak, will concern the dispute over the borders that the Palestinians want to establish on the basis of those that existed before the start of the Six
The other topics touched include the future status of Jerusalem, which is holy to both the nations, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PNA is willing to maintain such presence for five years.
The archers who took part in the additional test for pest control had to be under close supervision of the rangers, since this test was being supervised and evaluated.
In the framework of the partnership between NPWS and the Association of Sporting Shooters of Australia (NSW), NPWS volunteers were trained in the shooting program of the Association of Sporting Shooters.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Service, four hunters selected for the first hunting operation have undergone a comprehensive training and safety training.
The new temporary electoral council (TEC) consists of nine members.
This is the fifth CEP Marchetti for the past four years.
In May, the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Election Council to step down as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
The Commission was a response to the mass protests against the state regime that began in October.
The demonstrations sometimes accompanied by violence were caused by the failure to hold elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPod devices were received, resulting in six fires and four people received minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) said that it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
On the previous week, the Ministry of Economy, Labour and Industry announced that Apple informed it of 34 additional cases of overheating, which the company called "min
The ministry said the delay in Apple's annual report was "very unfortunate.
At 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said it had no reports of damage caused by the storm.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center has not received any reports of a tsunami.
A former Philippine policeman stole a tourist bus in Manila, capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hongkongers
Rolando Mendoza shot at tourists with his M16 rifle.
At least six hostages have been rescued, and at least six have been declared dead at this time." #
Five hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino
The photographers took their place at the end of the woman, because she had gone to the toilet.
Ligkins followed in the footsteps of his father and started his career in medicine.
He received his medical degree and began working in the National Women’s Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When Liggins was working in the hospital, he was free from work time and started to investigate cases of premature
His research showed that if you give a hormone to a child, it will increase the development of the lungs during the
The two black boxes found on board the plane were found by the state investigators on Wednesday.
The WWE also paid tribute to the Moon.
Tommi Drimmer: "The moon became the first Queen of Excitement. She was my first manager. The moon left this world in the night of two moons. It is such an unique event as she herself. A strong woman
'Dastin "Gault" Rannels said: "Luna was so crazy as I was... Perhaps even more crazy... I love her and I shall miss her... I hope she is in a better place.
Of the 1400 people surveyed in the run-up to the federal elections of 2010, the number of those who oppose the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased from 2008 to 8 percent.
The acting prime minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of the respondents agree with this view and want that Queen Elizabeth II becomes the last monarch of Australia.
The survey results showed that 29 percent of respondents believe that Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent believe that it does not need this form of statehood.
Olympic gold medallist had to participate in the 100 and 200 m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He was unable to take the medications required to relieve pain because they are banned in the Games.
Keith Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at Central Missouri University, 25 January opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that a few people confirmed this opening by means of various hardware and software.
It is possible that comets were the source of water delivery to the Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that may form proteins and support
The scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, especially how the Earth was formed, because comets collided with the Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kummel started his work as governor in January and signed the bill legalizing same-sex marriages in February.
He called them "political nonsense and foolishness.
He is expected to run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the US Federal Aviation Administration, will allow planes to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, as well as reduce carbon emissions." #
She uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on land-based radars, which will enable air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give
There is no additional transport to the Wembley Stadium, there are no parking and drop-off points on the surface, and there are no buses running there." #
The fear of not having transport caused the assumption that the game may have to be played behind closed doors without fans.
A new bird species has been discovered on the Galapagos Islands, according to a study published in Thursday's Science.
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's finch Geospiza fortes with the introduced conirostris finch Geospiza conirostris, a new species e
Gold can be bent into any shape. It can be rolled into very small pieces.
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and braided. It can be made of brass or rolled into rolls.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used to decorate painted illustrations in books – called "face-to-face manuscripts.
This is called the pH of the chemical substance. You can make a pH indicator by using the juice of red cabbage.
Tomato juice changes colour depending on whether it is acidic or alkaline.
The pH value is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H) in the chemical substance.
Hydrogen ions are protons, separated from electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron
Get a new mixture by mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and mold the mixture into a ball.
Moisture on your hands will react with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a sort of shell.
In almost every house of the cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro there was a toilet with a flush, connected to a
These fragments of the sewer systems were found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
These facilities were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths where men and women were bathing together.
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
A satellite in space receives a call and almost instantaneously returns it back down.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the atmosphere of Earth in some way distorts our light and view." #
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need a huge rocket that is over 100 feet tall.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing that wheel has done for us, is given us much more light and faster transportation.
It gave us the train, the car and many other vehicles.
Underneath them are a lot of cats of medium size, which eat small-sized prey from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds." #
The secret of their success is the concept of niche, a special job that each cat performs, which keeps him from competition with other cats.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called herds.
The pride consists of one to three adult males, who are related, as well as females and offspring, which may reach up to thirty.
The females usually live together in the same family and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions are very similar to packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their victims.
Being a well-rounded athlete, tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump great distances and pull with five strong men.
The tiger belongs to the same family (Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who can roar.
The tiger's roar is not like the full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a babbling of words.
The otters love to eat small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds. Almost all the animals that the otter
Researchers believe that the otters follow the tracks of animals and find their prey by smell, tracking its movements on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and move almost undetected. The Orcas hunt in the dark, blending in with the surroundings, and then attack their
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than that in which they were previously.
The new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes, compared to those that it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed much — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, as the new population begins to adapt to a new environment, it begins to look less and less like the rest of the population.
In time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, which is the result of the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential part of evolution and is a crucial step." #
The plants produce oxygen, which the human breathes, and absorb carbon dioxide, which the human exhales.
Plants absorb sunlight through photosynthesis. They also cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes out of plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The Mosasaurus was the most fearsome predator of its time, so it did not fear anyone but other Mosasaurs.
His long jaws were covered with more than 70 sharp teeth, in addition to a second row on the tongue, so that those who met on his path, there was no salvation.
We do not know for sure, but it is possible that his tongue was doubled. He ate large fish, other crustaceans, and, perhaps, even a carnivore.
He also attacked everything that was in water; even a dinosaur like the Tyrannosaurus Rex was not up to his challenge.
The Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes, served at banquets. For example, the boar, the peacock, the snails and such a kind of rodent as the mole.
There was another difference: while the poor people ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have banquets, during which they ate lying on their sides.
The Romans' diet could not include foods that were imported from America or Asia in the following centuries.
In particular, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had ever tasted beef.
The Babylonians built each god a principal temple, considered to be the dwelling of the god.
People sacrificed to the gods, and the priests tried to please the gods on the ceremonies and feasts.
Each temple had an open courtyard and an inner sanctuary, into which only priests could enter.
In some temples, the towers were built in the shape of pyramids called "Ziggur
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not a big deal.
The majority of Jewish family life was spent outdoors.
Women prepared in the courtyard; shops were open shelves, which left on the street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
There were no large forests in the land of Kenaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
Greyland was sparsely populated. In the Scandinavian sagas are told of the expulsion of Eric the Red from Iceland, and advancing further west, he discovered the island of Greenland and gave
But regardless of its opening, there were already inhabitants of the Eskimos.
Norway, Sweden, and Iceland were all Nordic countries, but there were many differences between the people, the rulers, the traditions, and history
If you watched the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you can think that the reverse of the Declaration of Independence was depicted with a map
But that's not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, that's not a map of treasure.
The declaration is signed on the reverse side: "This declaration of independence was signed on July 4, 1776." It is written on the
Unless someone knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document (size 293⁄4 by 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage.
So it is quite likely that the recording was added just as a note.
The operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles freed the north of France, but the south was still not freed.
He was under the control of the "Vichy" French. These French, who signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940, worked together with the occupiers instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was named "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks, the Free French and Americans liberated the South and headed for Germany.
Civilization is a distinct culture, the product of a large number of people living together, working together, and living in society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen", and civitas, meaning "city" or 
Cities-states are the precursors of nations. The civilizational culture involves the transmission of knowledge through several generations, the continual cultural presence and the transmission of cultural values.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any historical evidence, and so cannot be recognized as authentic civilizations.
At the time of the American Revolution, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the sole organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no powers to levy taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the powers of the states, who often refused to cooperate and not to enforce all its acts.
He also did not have the authority to annul tax legislation and tariffs of the states.
To amend the Constitution requires unanimous approval of all the States, but the States have so irresponsibly neglected the central government that their representatives seldom
The Italian national football team, alongside Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup of FIFA.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, motorsport, auto racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions. The residents of Italy from these regions take part in international competitions and Olympics.
In Japan there are approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Honshu), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its geographical location, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
The island was first mentioned in the 15th century by Portuguese explorers, who called it Ilha Formosa, or "beautiful island".
In 1624 the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of the native methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their rice and
The Qing Dynasty (1644-1912), which ruled China for over 200 years, was defeated by Japan in 1895 and was forced to sign the Sino-Japanese Treaty of Nanking,
The Treaty of Shimonoseki, which ended the war, was signed in April of 1895. China was forced to cede Taiwan, the Liaodong Peninsula and the archipelago of the Pesca
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three Windows Room.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a better idea of how they looked when they were first built.
In 1976, the restoration of 30% of Machu Picchu was completed. The works of restoration continue to this day.
For example, the most common format for static photos – 35 mm, and this size was the dominant size of film on the autumn of the analogue era.
It is still made, but more important is that the ratio of the sides of the images of digital cameras have inherited.
The 35-mm format is a bit confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into two parts, so that the ratio is small in whole numbers.
Most common formats (such as the APS family of formats) are close or even approach these proportions.
Too often used and often mocked by the third rule is a simple recommendation that creates dynamics, while preserving a certain amount of order in the image.
It says that the best place to place the main object is on a line that divides the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see example).
In the course of this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which became rich and powerful, was the object of intense scrutiny.
On more than a thousand years Christianity has united European states despite the differences in languages and traditions.
The power of her omnipresence touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease sufferings and poverty, and that the church's money exists to this purpose.
The center of the church was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led to the fact that many doubted whether this dogma was being observed.
Soon after the beginning of the war, Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, even though this blockade violated the universally accepted international laws, contained in several international agreements for the last two centuries.
Britain has deployed mines in international waters to prevent ships from entering whole sectors of the oceans,
Because the Germans were expecting a similar reaction to their unhindered submarine operations, they were not surprised when the
In the 1920s, among the majority of the population and nations, there were such sentiments as pacifism and isolation." #
By the end of the First World War, the countries wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted the offer to work in the company Edison in the city of New York.
He came to the USA with four cents in his pocket, with a book of poetry and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job." #
In ancient China, they used a unique way of denoting periods of time; each stage of China or each family, which ruled, was a special dynasty.
In addition, there was a period of unstable rule between each dynasty. The most famous period of the Three Kingdoms was 60 years during the dynasties of Han and Qin.
In this period there were many bloody battles between many noblemen fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the most bloody periods in Chinese history. Thousands of people died in battles for the throne in a large palace in Xi'an.
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of the metric system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people,
Also after the Revolution opened up opportunities for work for all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because the ranks were based on qualities, not on the origin of the person.
The French Revolution also inspired many other politically persecuted workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that did not relate to the worldly life. He often visited the cave known as "Hira" on the mountain "Nur
The cave which is still standing to this day gives us a vivid picture of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is situated on the top of a mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to find even to the one who knows about its existence. In the cave man is left in complete isolation.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above your head and a multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that is still standing today.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of the many great pyramids built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, or the Valley of the Kings, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (including the Great Pyramid of Giza, the largest), several small
The Great Pyramid was built in honor of the Pharaoh Hapi, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honor of his wives and relatives.
The arrow of the splice movement looks like V, and the arrow of the splice movement looks like a square without a bottom.
Up" means that you have to start with the tip of the brush and move the brush forward, and "down" means that you have to start with the place where your hand holds the brush and move it back.
The union of the two peaks usually produces a softer sound, while the union of the two peaks – a stronger and more forceful.
You can draw your own stroke, but remember that the stroke is printed musically, and it usually should be followed.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowds of women from the market forced the return of the King Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, their two small children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King Madame Elisabeth
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd made the King and Queen wide open their windows.
At some point one of the participants of this mob waved his head in the direction of the royal guard killed in Versailles on the eyes
The US imperialist military expenditures on the Philippines paid for themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the expenses and interest on the bonds that were moved by the Philippine government through banks in Wall Street.
Of course, the profits brought by the long exploitation of the Filipinos were the main income of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context in which they were created.
The period in which these events occurred is called High Middle Ages, the period of European history, affecting XI, XII and XIII centuries (1000-1300 years B.C.).
High Middle Ages replaced earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted viewpoint, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that covers a wide range of practical ideas, from technological progress or technological imperative to strict determinism, that fates of people are driven by the fundamental logic of science and its manifestation in technologies." #
The majority of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technology development is practically uncontrollable by cultural or political influence and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own properties, not
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The national road network is economically unprofitable only for a small group of cars, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a car.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of road accidents, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received on the road.
Romanticism included a cultural determinism, drawn from the works of Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of romanticism, geography formed people, and with the passage of time, there arose associated with it customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of that society, were better than
Like Paris is the capital of fashion of the modern world, so was Constantinople considered the capital of fashion during the feudal Europe.
The glory of the city spread about 400 B.C. and continued for about 1100 B. C.
His status was lowered during the 12th century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than the goods offered on the Byzantine markets.
At this moment and the title of the Fashion Capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between the X-XI centuries and XIV century.
At first, clothing was influenced by the Byzantine culture in the east.
But because of the slower channels of communication, styles in the west may lag by 25-30 years.
The development of own styles in the West Europe in the Middle Ages was one of the biggest achievements of that time thanks to the Crusades. The use of buttons for fastening
Natural agriculture is agriculture conducted for the production of sufficient quantities of food for the needs of only the farmer and his/her family.
Organic farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of the plants that grow in the ecosystem in question, together with the use of rotational cropping and
Historically, most farmers have been engaged in agriculture for the purpose of subsistence, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Cultures unite people who feel marginalised by the society and allow them to define themselves as who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of the people from which it consists.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual entity can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of these.
Some of the subcultures often claim to be part of it through a certain and symbolic use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to illustrate several tragic cases when children were not properly socialized because of a lack of attention, unfortunate circumstances or deliberate cruelty.
Wild children are called "wild" or "wild." Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such an abandonment of their child was the result of the parents' rejection of his
Children who live on the streets, may have experienced some form of violence or trauma before they escaped or were abandoned.
Some of them were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild.
If he is completely trained by animals instead of people, an uneducated child displays the habits (within physical limits) of a particular animal raised by him — for example, his fear or indifference to people.
In contrast to traditional teaching methods, project-based learning is more simple and interesting, but the use of SCOFOLDING technology is ahead of many others.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be either virtual or real. In other words, the teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolding, helping in learning, is embedded in the software and designed to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures that might be too difficult for the learner to handle on his own.
Children are handed over to foster care for a variety of reasons: from being abandoned to being abused and even extor
The children shall not grow up in a world where they are not provided for, cared for and educated, but grow up.
We believe that the foster care system is safe for children.
Our system of guardianship should provide safe housing, loving guardians, stable education and sound health.
Parental supervision must provide all the needs, which were lacking in the house, where they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of mass and interpersonal communication.
The distinctive features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
In addition, it was suggested that "learning" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al.
Personal involvement" and "long-term relationships" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites
The use of videotape led to important discoveries in the interpretation of microexpressions — the movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to determine whether a person is lying by the right interpretation of his microexpressions.
In the article "The President’s Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people with damaged brains can be able to assess the sincerity of the speaker.
According to his assumption, such abilities may be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
The studies conducted in the twentieth century showed that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
A mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the range of visible variations.
Segregation and recombination with each generation of the two pools of variations.
In the savanna, the digestive systems of the apes are so similar to ours that they are unable to meet their nutritional needs by using the available plant resources
Moreover, failure to meet this will lead to such serious consequences as slowing down growth, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such rodents as we are, if they are not
In contrast, animal origin food (insects, ants, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also is rich in proteins, which contain all the
Taking all of the above into consideration, it is not surprising that our ancestors decided to "protein problem" in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna still do today
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional awakening during the normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short time (10–60 minutes).
It is easy to do this by a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and yet not completely wake you up.
If you discover that you reset your alarm clock while you are asleep, you can set it on the other side of the room so that you will wake up and turn it off.
Other variants, based on biological rhythms, include drinking liquid in large quantities (in particular, water or tea, known as a diuretic) before going to sleep, which forces the person to get up
The amount of inner peace of man is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the presence of the vital force in you. Each person is capable of attaining absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own strain and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it has been enriched by the Mahayana path of love
The Tibetan Buddhist principle is very simple. It consists of the practice of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of uncon
Kundalini energy (the energy of enlightenment) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visual
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of the Deities. By visualization of various Deities, the channels are cleansed,
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to the cooperation of the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, the differences between the two countries over the system, process and culture led to
Two years after the end of the war former allies became enemies, and began the Cold War.
She would last for the next 40 years. In her there were fought in real life, using indirect armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and in many other places in the
On September 1, 1939, the Polish defense had already been breached, and only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the occupation of the Eastern territories of Poland in violation of the Riga Pact, the Soviet-Polish Pact of Non-Aggression, and other international agreements
The use of ships for transporting goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and goods through oceans.
Work of sailors traditionally consists in providing the ability of the country to move its people and goods, as well as simultaneously preventing the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most interesting recent examples of this was the Atlantic crossing by American ships during World War II. American sailors attempted to transport people and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German navy, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the Allies had failed, Germany, I think, would have been able to conquer Britain as well as other European countries.
Cows, it is believed, were domesticated around 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to leave their possessions to have milk, wool, meat and skins.
The traditional way of keeping goats is to keep them in herds that wander around the hills or other pastures, often watched over by a shepherd, who is usually a child or teenager. This method of keeping livestock is still used today.
The roads for carriages were built in England in the 16th century.
However, the wooden roads were only laid parallel to each other, but they gave horses the opportunity to carry heavier loads and at a faster rate than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Shovels were used for quite some time to keep rails in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks were more effective when laid with iron rails on top.
It is now common practice, but iron wears out wooden wheels of wagons.
In time wooden wheels were replaced by iron. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transportation was walking, people began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus.
For the ancestors of the Australopithecus, walking upright was not so natural.
Bipedalism is found in the remains of Australopithecus afarensis from the Cretaceous period, although it is possible that the ancestor of the modern human walked on two
We can start living more consciously about the environment. We can become members of environmental movements and even be activists to help at least a little bit ease the suffering of the future." #
Usually, it is like treating the symptoms. If we need not just a temporary solution, we need to find the root of the problem and solve it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the impact of scientific and technological progress of humanity, and because of the overpopulation and extravagant lifestyle of people, the
After the adoption of the Congress on July 4th, the draft signed by the Chairman of the Congress John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap
In the night, 150–200 copies were made, now known as "Danno's Flyers".
The first public reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the courtyard of Independence Hall on July 8th.
On July 6th, one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9th July ordered it read before his troops in New York. The copy arrived in London 10th August.
25 of the original leaflets of Dantley are known to us today. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
Today many paleontologists believe that one of the dinosaur groups survived and survived to our days. We call them birds.
Often they do not consider them dinosaurs, because they have feathers and can fly.
But there are still many things to say about birds that look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and claws, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
## Almost all computers that are used today are based on the processing of information that is encoded in binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" or "bits", if you use computer jargon." #
It can be difficult to diagnose a food poisoning straight away. Symptoms such as vomiting are common and can be easily confused with other illnesses. However, if you have a
The best sign of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medicine or toxic household chemical.
Read the label, where you will find special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term 'bug' is used by entomologists formally to refer to a group of insects.
The term "bed bug" comes from the well-known from ancient times bed bugs - insects that are well adapted
And scavengers, and bed bugs are egg-laying species, adapted to life in the nest or home of their host.
In the USA, there are approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), which makes MS the main neurological disease of young people and middle-
Multiple sclerosis is a disease of the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the optic nerve.
The study found that women are twice as likely to suffer from MS as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child is not in their best interests or the best interests of their child.
The couple can choose to create a plan for adoption of their child.
When a child is adopted or fostered, biological parents refuse to have parental rights in order to give another couple the right to adopt the child.
The main objective of science is to find out how the world is made, by applying scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
He is not the only one. Scientific research also follows experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and observing.
Naturalists and philosophers concentrated their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, Aristotle's views were adopted.
As the Greek language deteriorated, Western civilization was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often to a large extent dependent on the presence of endogenous rhythms and their production by biological
Periodic rhythms, which are not simply a response to periodic external stimuli, have been observed in most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi,
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even without external stimuli." #
The experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
The two were implanted with their own DNA into a bacteria by using flies, which are virus-like creatures.
They performed two experiments, labeling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactive iron DNA of the phage.
Mutations can cause a great number of diverse results depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic
Only mutations in germline cells can be passed on to the offspring, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who love to travel to nature, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
Active holidays" are among the examples of leisure activities on the site. Hunting, fishing, bird watching, photographing, observing birds, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem are some of the activities.
An example can be the visit, photographing and studying orang utans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to work, and by their side pass those whose work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in some way is connected with the personal car system and supports it.
Now science is pointing out that the enormous oil economy has had a major impact on one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported evolution of mankind for the last two million
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints about water quality or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why do the transport systems get so many complaints, why do they break down every day? Is it just incompetence? Or do there have more fundamental reasons?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with one another is carried out within the study of traffic flows.
It is difficult to study the intensity of traffic flow because it is impossible to predict the behavior of the driver.
It is fortunate that drivers' behaviour is often quite predictable, so traffic flows can be described in a fairly accurate way. This is why the overall flow of traffic can be
To better understand the traffic flow, were established relations between three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, design and operation of railway structures.
The insects were the first animals to rise into the air. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
Most insects have the ability to fold their wings along their bodies, which gives them an advantage.
This provides them with more secluded places, where they can hide from predators.
The only insects that can not fold their wings back are wasps and bees.
This page isn't available in your language yet, if you'd like to provide a translation please contact us at info@unawe.org Thousand
Many believed that he was right, but many believed that the Sun revolved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars).
It seems sensible to us because we don't feel that Earth is moving, do you?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first in terms of volume. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river in the world, with a width of six miles.
20 percent of the water that flows into the oceans from rivers on our planet is from the Amazon.
The Amazon River is the longest river in the world, with a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is the largest river in South America and the second largest in
But despite the fact that the construction of pyramids from stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of pyramids in Giza was never able to
In the new kingdom of the ancient Egyptians, they were enthralled by the monuments of their predecessors, more than a thousand years ago.
Population of the Vatican is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the smallest population country.
The language of the Vatican is Italian in legislation and official communications.
Italian language is also a daily language for most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
People from ancient times knew the basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver, and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that all is composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, though he also supposed that they were transforming into a new state, so that we see what we see.
Mixtures are essentially mixtures of two or more metals. Remember that in the periodic table there are many elements.
The elements calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals such as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of non-metallic elements such as carbon
Everything in the universe is made of matter. Matter consists of atoms.
Atoms are so small that trillions of them can fit on the period at the end of this sentence
The pencil became a good friend for many people when it was invented.
It is sad that when new ways of writing, pencil lost its former status and it was less used.
People are writing messages on their computer screens, and they never have to deal with a sharpening stone.
It is only a matter of time before we see new technologies that will make the keyboard obsolete.
Atomic bombs work on the principle that for the number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, energy is required.
Like to push a heavy cart up a hill. Then the re-splitting of the nucleus releases part of this
Some atoms have unstable nuclei, meaning that they are prone to decay under small or no influence.
The outer layer of the Moon is made of rocks and dust. The lunar surface is called the "coral
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under oceans and 100 km under continents.
She is thinner under the moon-sea and thicker under the mountain-peaks.
The visible side can be more moonsea, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to rise to the surface
Content theories are focused on finding what makes people act or may interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate over time.
These theories turn to what makes people want to do what they do, and what makes their surroundings want to do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories about content are the "Pyramid of needs" and the "Two-factor theory of motivation" of F. Herzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can be observed when managers start to lead people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is trying to remain "his man" (or woman)." #
These managers are not able to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate the results of work, distribute responsibilities and hold employees accountable.
On the other end of the spectrum, the individual becomes a non-recognizable individual, who seems to have to change everything that the team did and take
Because the leader ultimately bears responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to conflicts between leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual commands follow the same standards of excellence as normal commands, but there are some minor differences.
Virtual members of the team often function as a point of contact for their direct physical team.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional teams, because their teams can meet in different time zones, which is not always understand local management.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of the virtual team.
The invisible team" is a team of managers who report to each member. The invisible team sets standards for each member.
Annotation: The article describes the results of an analytical assessment of innovative potential of Pavlodar region. Now in terms of the investment attractive
When all the available resources are effectively used in all functional units of the organization, creativity and ingenuity may be manifested.
In the end, a united effort by the organization to overcome the obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that will be in the client's
In order for an organization to become innovative, its leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge sharing and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the concept of "Continuum" as a method used to help organizations achieve higher levels of efficiency.
These neurobiological data provide physical evidence for the theoretical approach to studying consciousness. Thus, the field of consciousness research is narrowed, and it
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It has long been known that various types of injuries, traumas, injuries and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some psychic functions.
The new technologies allow us to see and explore unseen previously structures and processes of the brain.
This gives us a great amount of data and materials for the creation of imitation models, which help us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although artificial intelligence is often associated with science fiction, it is a very important field of computer science, which studies the behavior and learning of machines and "infusing" them with intelligence
AI research includes the creation of machines for automating tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Here are some examples that can be cited: control, planning and creating a schedule, response to diagnoses and questions of the client, as well as recognizing face, handwriting
These questions are dealt with in separate disciplines, which are aimed at solving the problems we face in everyday life.
At the present time AI is often used in economics, medicine, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Teacher's tours are very important for any class. Sometimes teachers want to take their students to places where buses cannot go.
The technology provides a solution by means of virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Updating the virtual tour for public viewing is also a great way to refresh the memory of the tour and share my knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennet High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of the state, and each year the site is updated, but access to the old versions is still preserved — they serve
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, it usually changes because of the presence of audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, I start to improve my writing to avoid criticism.
We encourage students to blog, and they begin to understand the world around them. Students are inspired to be smart and interesting, drawing attention to themselves (Toto, 2004).
Bloggership is an instrument that stimulates cooperation, and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
The appropriate use of blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, and also to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002).
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a large number of art galleries and museums, which open the
On the south is Niagara Falls, and the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and its surroundings
All this and much more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The northern regions are sparsely populated, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the population: in the US more blacks than Canadians.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other countries and is a self-contained continent in that respect, that is to say,
Almost all the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as luxurious beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the hills of Komo and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the XV century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way to India from Europe.
Northern region is limited by Sahara Desert, and on the south and west by Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists are advised to say that they are married, irrespective of their present marital status.
Also useful to wear a ring (not too expensive to look at).
Women should realize that cultural differences may lead them to think that they are being pursued, that they are being taken by the hand, etc., and
Don't be afraid to stand up for yourself (this is not acceptable regardless of cultural differences).
The city of Casablanca was founded by Berbers in the 10th century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroe
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the town of Caça-Branca, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
King Mohammed built the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and the Spanish traders who built here trading bases, called it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
The souks are a great place to buy traditional Moroccan goods such as tajine, pottery, leather goods, cigarettes and a whole range of trinkets, but they are all for tourists.
GOMA is a tourist town on the eastern border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
The city of Goma was destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 2002, which buried underneath a large part of the city's streets, especially the central part.
Goma is a safe place, but it is important to check the information on travel outside Goma, in order to understand the situation in the province of North Kivu.
This town is also the starting point for climbing the volcano Niragongo, and here you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can go to Gomba to Gomba (motor taxi). The normal fare is 500 congolese francs for a short trip
The name "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for an exotic far-off land.
Today, Tombuktu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and in it there is an airport." #
In 1990, it was added to the list of World Heritage Sites in Danger because of the threat of sand dunes.
When shooting the PBS series "African Wonders" on the channel PBS, one of the most important stops was made here.
This city is very different from other cities in the country, because it is dominated by the Arab character, rather than African.
The Kruger National Park is located in the north-west of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its southern
The park covers an area of 19 500 km2, and is divided into 14 different ecozones, each of which is home to different wildlife.
The Kruger National Park is one of the main tourist attractions in South Africa and is considered to be the leading among South African national
As in all South African national parks, this park charges a daily fee for its protection and visitation.
Also may be beneficial to buy a Wild Card, which allows visits to national parks of South Africa either selectively or all
The territory of Hong Kong was named after the island of Hong Kong, the place many tourists consider to be the main attraction
The line of buildings that make up the horizon of Hong Kong are compared to a sparkling column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria H
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the coast of the Tsuen Wan peninsula, which is
The highest elevation in the territory is at Tai Mo Shan, 957 metres (3,140 ft) above sea level.[141] Hong Kong'
This is a place that the British colonists took over, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, this is a good
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt in the world, extending from the coastline to 80 km (50 miles) inland in Bangladesh and India
Sunderbans was declared a World Heritage Site. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park Sunderbans.
These forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sundaburban has an area of 3850 sq. km, of which about 1/3 is covered with water or swamps.
Sundaran is a wildlife reserve and, according to the latest counts, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer in the park.
The buses depart from the inter-regional bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most of them, especially those heading east and to Jakar/Bumtang, leave at 0
Because buses from the district are often full, it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Most of the districts are served by small Japanese buses, comfortable and reliable.
The bus is a quick and convenient way to get to such nearby places as Parnu (150 nm) and Punakhai (200 nm).
The bridge over the Oyapock River is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and
The two towers reach 83 metres high, the bridge itself is 378 metres long and has two lanes of traffic with a width of 3.5 metres.
The underclearance height is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011 and it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters, who
The area of Chaco served as a home for different groups of local tribes, for example for the Guaicuros and Paiaguas, they survived by hunting, gathering
In the 16th century Paraguay, which had previously been called "the vast province of the East Indies", emerged as a result of the conflict between Spanish conquistadors and
The Spaniards began the colonization period which lasted three centuries.
From its founding in 1537, Paraguay has largely been able to preserve its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is famous for having one of the best teams in the world, as well as the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at the polo fields in Las Canoas.
Less major tournaments and matches can also be watched at other times of the year.
To learn about polo news and where to buy tickets for them, visit the Argentine Polo Association's website.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands Pound (FKP), which is equivalent to the value of one British Po
Money can be exchanged in one bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West shop.
In general, British Pounds are accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, they are also often accepted for credit cards and US Dollars.
Credit cards are not accepted on remote islands, but British and American currencies are accepted; check with the owners of the payment method you wish to use to see if it
The Falkland Islands are not accepted for exchange outside the islands, so it is best to exchange your money before you leave the islands.
Because Montevideo is located south of the equator, there is summer in the northern hemisphere, and winter in the southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is located in the tropics. In summer months, the air temperature above +30° C is a normal occurrence.
The winter can be misleadingly cold: temperature rarely falls below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather than the temperature reads on the thermometer." #
There are no particularly "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of precipitation is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are used to seeing people, nature is still wild, so don't feed or disturb the animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - bison, wolves, bears and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year hundreds of visitors get injured because they do not respect the necessary distance. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or carrying with you smelly food, and keep the camp clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. It is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 inhabitants." #
Apia was founded in 1850s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The harbour was the site of a tragic naval confrontation in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the USA and Britain refused to leave
All the ships sank except one British cruiser. About 200 American and German sailors were killed.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, peaceful assembly in the city led to the murder of the supreme leader Tupou Te'
There are many beaches here, as Auckland is located on the shores of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in
The North Shore beaches are located in the area of North-Harbor (in the area of North-Harbor).
Most of these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded by such trees as the pohutukawa.
In the central part of Auckland, where the bay of Wātimata is home to the exclusive suburbs of Mill Bay and St Heliers,
This is sometimes crowded with people family beaches with good choice of shops, located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that can be drunk, however New Zealand and Australian wines can be better transported.
Local water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have any doubts, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
Australians are not sure about the idea of "flat white". "Little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream (
Hot chocolate is made according to Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a very good quality.
The reef is a popular destination all year round, and injuries caused by any of these reasons are rare.
Although you should follow the advice of the authorities, obey all signs and pay attention to warnings about safety.
Cyprinus carpio is found in the vicinity of river mouths and beaches to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they
Sharks are real, but rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
These crocodiles are not active in the ocean, but their main habitat is the estuaries of rivers to the north of Rockhampton
Pre-booking allows travellers to not worry about where to stay when they arrive at their destination.
Tour operators often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book accommodation through a tour operator and other forms of accommodation, for example, campsites." #
Travel agents usually sell packages of offers, which include breakfast, transfers to/from the airport or even combined packages, which include flights and accommodation
In addition, they can keep your reservation if you need time to think about the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, visas).
Any changes or requests should be sent to the agency first, and not directly to the hotel.
Some music festivals have a large majority of participants sleeping directly on the festival grounds, and most of them consider this an essential part of the festival program.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive early to find a camping spot near the music.
Remember that even if music on the main stages is over, there may still be areas where music will continue until late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, ask about the cabin location, because the passage through the ice leads to quite a disturbing noise, which can disturb the most sensitive people.
Cruises to St. Petersburg include sightseeing tours of the city. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (please check conditions).
Most casinos try to make their customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible. There are no clocks or windows to the outside world, and it can be difficult to find the exit." #
They usually offer special food, drinks and entertainment to keep guests in good spirits and not leave the establishment.
In some establishments offer free alcohol. However, drunkenness makes one's head cloudy, and all good players know that
Everyone who plans to travel in high-latitudes or over passes should take into account the possibility of snow, ice or
On the icy and snowy road friction is low, and you will not be able to drive as well as on the normal
In the event of snowfall sufficient amount of snow to make it difficult to move, can fall in a very short period of time.
The visibility may also be restricted due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, the weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and traffic continues year-round almost without breaks.
Safari is probably the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term'safari' in everyday use means a land trip to see the breathtaking wildlife of Africa, especially in the savannah." #
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach the vehicles, so that even with the ordinary equipment you can get a good
Leopards, elephants and lions sometimes are shy, and you will see them better through a binocular.
Walking safari (also known as "tree-climbing", "hiking-safari" or "walking tour") consists of a walk
The Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will take place in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city that twice hosted summer Olympic games. The first took place here in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced to be moved, you may have a difficult situation.
The rules of cancellation of orders may differ, but as of the end of March, most of the rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were scheduled." #
The organizers expect most tickets to cost between 2,500 and 15,000 yen, with a standard ticket price of about 7,500 yen.
Dry-cleaning clothes helps them dry. Many hotels provide a iron and ironing board, even if they are not available in the room.
If you don’t have a hair dryer or you don’t like the idea of wearing clean socks, you can try a hair dryer if it
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperatures (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are a variety of ways to clean water, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in other places it will take a few minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you are doubtful, you should think about buying bottled water and from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter pests that they have never seen in their own country.
The pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, worse, cause allergic reactions, release poison or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which may cause damage or death to humans, are usually not considered pests.
Shopping "duty free" is a possibility to buy in certain points goods without taxes and duties.
Travellers who are going to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, especially on such products as alcohol and tobacco
The section between Point Marion and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, desolate and forested areas.
If you're not used to driving on country roads, beware: there are steep hills, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits are lower than those on the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km / h) - and strict compliance with them is more important than other
However, as you may have guessed, mobile phone communication is much better here than on many other parts of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, where the U.S. Army
German bakery cakes are quite good. In Bavaria they are plentiful and varied and look like cakes baked by their southern neighbour,
Fruit cakes are popular, cakes with apples – all year round, and cherries and plums appear in summer.
In German cakes often use walnuts, almonds and other wood nuts. Popular cakes are often combined with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but tasty sweet pastries, try the ones that are called donuts or pancakes with fillings.
Curry is a dish made of herbs and spices combined with meat or vegetables.
In general, curry can be "dry" or "wet".
In the internal regions of Pakistan and Northern India in curry is used yogurt. In South India and in some regions of the subcontinent coconut milk is used.
Indonesian cuisine, having 17 000 islands to choose from, is a general term used to describe a wide variety of regional cuisines that are found across the country.
The term is often used to refer to food from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Javan cuisine, which is widely popular throughout the archipelago, includes a wide variety of simple spiced dishes. The most popular of these are the addition of peanuts, chili, sugar (especially javan coconut sugar) and various aromatic
Horseback slings are straps that hang from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the horse with better stability, but they can be safety issues because there is a possibility of a horse's foot getting stuck.
If the horse has thrown the rider, but his leg is caught in the stirrup, a running horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take a number of precautions.
Firstly, most riders wear riding boots with a heel, which have a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual saddles, especially English, are equipped with protective braces, which make the leather saddle fall off if it is pulled back by a falling rider.
Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
At the top you can enjoy breathtaking mountain scenery. Climbing enthusiasts from around the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Skiing and snowboarding are popular winter sports that involve skiing down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Alpine skiing is the main tourist destination for many skiers (sometimes called "ski bums"), planning their entire holiday around skiing in a particular place.
The idea of skiing is very old: the archaeological evidence of skiers is dated to 5000 B.C.
Skiing as a sport dates back to at least the XVII century, and in 1861, the Norwegians opened the first entertainment ski club in Australia.
Skiing is a popular winter sport, especially in the Alps. It is also called backcountry skiing, ski touring or hiking on skis.
It is related, but usually does not include walking up the summit and then descending on unprepared slopes, since skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots." #
Imagine that the skiing route is a walking route.
If you have good conditions, you will be able to cover a greater distance on skis than you would be able to do on foot, but you will only be able to achieve this speed in rare cases, when you don't have a heavy pack and there is
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent states. In normal circumstances, traveling through many countries would mean the need to apply for visas and multiple passport checks.
But the Schengen area is functioning as a single country.
You can usually cross the border without going through the checkpoints again.
In addition, if you have a Schengen visa, you don’t need to apply for a visa in each of the Schengen States separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid the paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as antique.
The concept of ageing has geographic variants, in which the age limit in North America is lower than in Europe.
Handicrafts are defined as antiques, despite the fact that they are younger than mass-produced products.
The reindeer herding is an important source of income for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this is a tradition, not all the Sami people engaged in mass rearing of reindeer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using reindeer mainly as a sled animal
Today many Sami are working in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region of Lapland.
Although the word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the
If a country is listed as a travel advisory, it may affect your health insurance during your trip or your trip cancellation insurance.
Maybe you should consult with other governments besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their own citizens.
Here's one example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East can face situations that they can't face in Europe or Arabs.
In the media reports the situation in one country is described briefly.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified compared to the widely available more detailed information.
A general term for any weather condition that can cause damage, cause social upheaval or result in human casualties.
Bad weather conditions are everywhere in the world, and they are of different types, depending on the geographical location, the terrain and the weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rain and forest fires are manifestations and effects of harsh weather phenomena such as storms, tornadoes, waterspouts and
Regional and seasonal hazards of weather include snowstorms, blizzards, dust storms, and ice storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to take into account any risks associated with harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
Everyone planning to visit a country that is considered a war zone should have had a professional training.
Searching for the phrase "safety course in hostile environment" may lead to the address of a local company.
The course usually covers all the topics discussed here, more often with practical training.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines about survival in the wild are often found, but there are few publications about the battlefields.
People planning to undergo gender reassignment abroad should be sure that they have the real documents for the return trip.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated with the desired name and sex in different places is different.
The readiness of foreign governments to comply with these documents is so varied.
The TSA screenings have become much more rigorous since 9/11.
Transgenders preparing for surgery should not expect to be scanned, and their private lives and dignity will not be affected.
A breakwater is a wave that breaks against a shore or sometimes against a reef or something similar.
The reverse flow is concentrated in a few deeper areas where it can form a fast current that can go deep, due to the similar underwater top
The majority of deaths occur as a result of exhaustion when trying to return to the water against the current, which can be impossible.
As soon as you leave the current, it will be easier to return to it than it is normally.
If you try to go there where you won't be caught again, or if you are good at spotting people and if you were spotted, you may want to wait for rescue
The shock of returning home is earlier than the cultural shock (here is a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and is more difficult.
Travelers who are easily adapted to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and have lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, treated you with patience and understanding, knowing that travellers need to adjust to a new country.
It may be surprising to some people that patience and understanding are necessary to travelers who return home.
The sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show begins.
The noise of tourists and vendors is always present. The sound and light history is like a book with stories.
The Sphinx is the background and narrator of a long story.
The scenes show on the pyramids, and different pyramids are illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands are claimed by several countries. There are more bases on these islands than anywhere else in the world. In 2020, sixteen of them will be active
The archipelago is located 120 km from the mainland. The largest island is named after King George with the settlement of Villas-las-Estrellas
Others include the island of Livingston and Deepsea, where the active crater of a volcano is a spectacular natural harbor." #
The land of Eluthera is the southernmost region of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain system Elkhorn, divided by the ice
In the north, that is on the ridge Sentinel, the highest mountains of Antarctica are the massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892 m and is named
In remote areas outside the coverage area of mobile phones, satellite phones can be your only option.
Usually, a satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, because you need to be outside in the direct observation zone of the satellite, to call.
The service is used in maritime transport, including fast-moving vessels, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communications.
Most of the time you can get more information about this service by calling your local telephone company.
The option becoming more and more popular for those who are planning to take a semester off, is to travel and study.
This is particularly popular among school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, without jeopardizing their education.
In many cases, enrollment in a foreign course during a vacation may actually increase your chances of being admitted to higher education institutions in your home country.
Typically, tuition fees are charged.
Finland is a great place for boating. In "the land of thousand lakes" there are thousands of islands in lakes and in
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can quite easily go without a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks leave
Sailing is a national pastime in Finland. In particular, one boat is used for seven or eight people.
The same situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is from one to forty).
Most Baltic cruises include a prolonged stay in St. Petersburg.
That means you can spend a full day in this historic city, and then return to the ship for the night.
If you go to the beach only as an excursion on the ship, you don't need a separate visa (from 2009).
Some cruise brochures show Berlin, Germany. As you can see on the map above, Berlin is far from the sea and visiting the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Traveling by airplane can be terrifying for anyone of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: it is not different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are present in many people.
Understanding how the plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from the unknown or inability to control the process.
The delivery services are paid well for fast delivery. The speed of delivery of commercial documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repairs is very important.
On some routes, there are also their own aircraft for larger companies, but for other routes and smaller companies, this was a problem.
If they were to send anything as an air cargo, it would take several days to load and clear customs.
The only way to get to the bottom of it is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's regulations do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, so you'll
The most obvious way to fly in first or business class is to pay for it. Or better yet, to get your company to pay for you.
But thats not all. The price of business class is about four times more than the usual economy class and about a dozen times more than first class! 
In general, there is no sense even to look for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know that there is a certain core group of passengers who are willing to pay a large sum for the privilege of getting to anywhere quickly and comfortably, so they charge a fair amount
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely spoken.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
The 1994 conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed Transdniestria on the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by any
 Despite the failure of political negotiations, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
The main religion in Moldova is the Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is Turkey’s third largest city with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul and a great transport hub." #
The once ancient city of Smyrna today is a modern, developed and lively shopping center, located along the vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, modern shopping malls, and traditional roofs with red tiles, the old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than a traditional Turkey.
From the village of Haldorsvik you can see the island of Estura, which is also home to an unusual octagonal church.
On the church cemetery there are interesting marble statues of birds.
It is worth spending half an hour and strolling through the unusual village.
It is relatively close to the north, the romantic and charming town of Sintra, praised by Lord Byron and then famous all over the world.
Scotturb No.403 runs regular buses to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
Visit also the Great Church of the Virgin of Fatima (the tomb of the Virgin Mary), which is the place of the world-famous appearances of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you are on a graveyard site, and also a site that is of immense importance to a significant percentage of the inhabitants of the earth.
There are still many men and women who have lived here, but there are also many people whose relatives were killed here or worked here until death, whether they were Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, seriousness and respect that it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Do not defile this place by painting or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most people understand it, and most people know Spanish.
However, most of the signs are only in Catalan, because it is the first official language.
Spanish language is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
Normal ads in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced automatically in all languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Let it be said often, but the best way to succeed in Paris is to behave as a "bien élevé" (well-bred) person. This will make it much easier to adapt to this city.
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish right away, if you show a little politeness.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation. The park is home to many species of birds, including the rare and endangered Balkan Golden Eagle.
The diversity of microclimates, different soils and elevations make it possible to represent a particularly wide range of plant communities.
The area is home to a huge variety of animals and birds.
The island is home to a large number of rare species of animals, such as European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, raven, fox, and many
Women should not wear skirts below the knees and cover their shoulders when visiting monasteries.
In most monasteries, women are given the habit if they come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially brightly coloured, monk or nun will smile
Likewise, men should wear trousers that cover the knees.
They are also available at the door, however, they are not washed after each use, so you may not feel comfortable in these skirts. One size fits all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as the cuisine of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (especially pork), with a widespread use of olive oil." #
One of the most popular dishes for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on." #
All nouns, and also the word Sie, which means you, always write with capital letters even in the middle of the sentence.
It is important to distinguish verbs and adverbs.
It is also likely to simplify reading, while writing is complicated by the fact that it is necessary to determine whether the verb or the adjective is in the substantive
Italian pronunciation is relatively simple, because most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is very important to pay attention to the letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel." #
And remember that r and rr pronounced differently: caro means "dear", and carro means "cart.
In Persian language is relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
So reading this Persian grammar book will help you to learn a lot more and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you speak a Romance language group, you will be able to learn Portuguese easier.
But people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and that it can be learned separately.
Ancient observatories are usually considered to be outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution during their peak was not such a problem as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in the present.
Modern astronomical telescopes are large structures in remote locations with favorable atmosphere conditions.
Hanami" is a Japanese tradition that dates back to the 8th century.
This idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan the first celebrations of the blossoming of sakura were held only for the imperial court.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don’t fall for the temptation to take one.
Visiting a formally organized garden of collection of "samples" will result in you being expelled without any discussion.
Singapore is a safe place to travel, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, being in the "tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (usually) - even in clear
There are several buses that go north to Hebron, where the patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob were buried. There is also a bus that goes south to
Make sure that the bus you are going to take is heading to Hevron, not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
The internal waterways can be a good theme for a celebration.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise along the attractions of the Danube, or a boat trip along the canal
These also define the routes for popular hiking and cycling trails.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-believers in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition to spend the night of Shavuot, not sleeping, in an open place, so that you can see the sunrise." #
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it is quite possible that this was a pagan ritual of spring and fertility.
More traditional churches often hold the Easter service on a Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, with the congregation usually starting at midnight celebrating the Resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that originally arrived here, reached here by swimming, by plane or by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals could not reach the islands, making the giant tortoise the main carnivorous animal on the Galapago
The arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands has brought many animals, including cattle, horses, cows, rats, cats and dogs
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic during the winter, you will learn about the polar night, when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able
Japanese culture of work is more hierarchical and formal than what is familiar to Westerners.
The clothes are standard business attire, and colleagues address each other by their first names or by their titles." #
It is extremely important to have harmony in the workplace, and group work is valued more than individual achievements
Often, employees must obtain permission from their superior before taking any decisions and must obey their superiors without question
