Now we have four-month old mice with no diabetes," he added.
According to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and chairman of clinical-scientific department of Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still at an early stage.
As well as some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already developed.
On Monday, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee, Sara Danius, announced that the committee had been unable to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2016.
Danius said: "At the moment we don't do anything. I called and sent e-mails to his closest employee and got very friendly answers. At the moment, of course, that's enough.
In the past, Ring CEO Jamie Siminoff noted that this company began with the fact that he didn’t hear the doorbell in his garage.
He said that he created a doorbell that works from WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance on the show "Shark Tank" in 2013, where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the QVC television channel.
In addition, Ring settled the legal process with its competitors, the security company ADT Corporation.
Nevertheless, despite the experimental vaccine that was found to reduce mortality from Ebola virus, no drug has yet shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but official studies showed that it has a lesser benefit in preventing death than previously expected.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control, that is, the scientists used it as a base and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and agrees that it is absolutely necessary to create a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that the interests of our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more appropriately, the reform of our organization, rather than its cancellation of certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would be able to shed light on how such widespread, so brazenly described by the surviving victims of Larry Nassar, violence could have continued unabated for so long and supports all appropriate and appropriate in this case changes." #
The United States Gymnastics Federation and the United States Olympic Committee have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes can strive to their goals in a safe, positive environment and have all the rights.
In 1960s, Brzezinski was a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
He was a consultant to Carter on foreign policy from 1976 to 1981. Then he served as national security advisor, succeeding Kissinger.
As a National Security Advisor, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the signing of Camp David Accords in 1978, normalizing Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, formulating policy toward the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
This film with the participation of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won nominations in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to the other nominations: "Best picture", "Director", "Operator's work", "Cinematography", "Clothing design", "Sound design", "Original music", "Art director", "Sound" and "Original screenplay.
Two songs from the movie – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
At the end of the day, the US president Donald Trump said on Sunday that the US military would withdraw from Syria.
The statement was made after the phone call with the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will take the main role in the issue of protecting captured ISIS fighters, which, according to the statement, European countries did not agree to return home.
It is not only confirming that, at least, some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not available from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
The scientists say that the plumage of this bird was of a brownish-tawny color on top, and a pale or yellowish-brown color on the bottom.
The find also allows one to see the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed quill, called rhachis, but still there are other distinguishing features — beards and beards — researchers came to the conclusion that rhachis, more likely, evolved later by evolution." #
The feather structure suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. Researchers speculated that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample presented adult feathers, not feathers of a chick.
Researchers have suggested that despite the fact that this is a tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not a feather of a chick.
Last night, a car bomb exploded near the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey), killing two policemen and injuring more than 20 people.
The governor's office said 19 of the wounded were police officers.
The police said on Wednesday that the suspected militant of the Daesh (ISIL) was involved in the attack.
They found that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that all stars in the system are determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total luminance and rotational velocity are used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The less the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in respect to reversals of the magnetic field.
Iwasaki often got into trouble during his travels.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The standard 802.11n works on both frequencies – 2.4GHz and 5GHz.
This will ensure backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual-receiver.
802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbps.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
When Daniel Miller asked him about it, he said: "Mike talks a lot during hearings... I was prepared so I didn't really listen to what he was saying.
We will make efforts to reduce the amount of CO2 emitted per unit of GDP by 2020 compared to the level of 2005.
He did not name the figure for cuts in budgets, saying that they will be made on the basis of the productivity of the Chinese economy.
He urged developing countries to avoid the old system, in which they first pollute, and then clean up.
They should not be asked to assume responsibilities beyond their stage of development, responsibility and ability.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
No one can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive power in connection with Iraq and a strong call for immediate change of course.
The first among 78 recommendations is that it should be implemented by the end of this year to strengthen the Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention, and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current senator and First Lady of Argentina Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, where she started her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by differences over the cost of providing financial assistance and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal" by the president.
Liberal criticism of the efforts to restore concentrated on the fact that contracts for restoration work were awarded presumably to those with strong links with the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to attend the funerals.
The number of people present was so large that not all could get to St. Peter's Square, where the funerals were taking place.
In various places in Rome, large television screens were installed, through which people could watch the ceremony.
Like these platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past policy of the FBI for the fact that it allocated a large part of resources to cases that are easy to be solved, especially to cases of car theft, with the purpose of increasing the level of success
Congress began funding the initiative to fight pornography in 2005 tax year and set that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to fight adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the most points in an inning: 70 rebounds for 41 attempts, blocked 11 shots and 2 steals.
The middle-level strikers Sachin Tendulkar and Rakhul Dravid performed well and earned a score of 100 in tandem.
However, after losing the gate captain India made only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for the end of innings.
The EFE reports that US President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on Monday morning, starting his week-long tour of Asia.
His welcome was given by Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats on the mid-term elections, Bush announced that the US would expand trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for a second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Layton in the OUP on
On the meeting with the Prime Minister, Leighton asked to make changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since then, the federal government intervened and took on the funding of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the government of the state and some members of the federal Parliament have criticised this action as a ruse in the run-up to federal elections
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that this was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the government of Tasmania by way of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest data, the observations of the level of the sea indicated the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Pago-Pago and Niihau.
From Tonga did not come any reports of serious damage or casualties, but there was temporary power outage, which, according to the information available, did not allow the Tongan authorities to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC).
Thirteen schools in Hawaii, located near the coast or on it, were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of bomb warnings.
President George W. Bush welcomed this statement.
Gordon Johndroe, the spokesman for the White House, said North Korea’s promise to dismantle its nuclear weapons program was a “major step in the process of denuclearization of the Korean peninsula”.
Today in the Atlantic Ocean formed a subtropical cyclone Jerry, it is the tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at the moment, Hurricane Jerry does not represent any threat to land.
According to the US Army Engineers, 6 inches of rainfall could have breached the damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded to 20 feet during hurricane Katrina, is now knee-deep in water because the levee, which is nearby, was not high enough to hold back the water.
The water flows over the dam on a section of width 100 feet.
The administrator of Commons Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment with the deletions in his conversation with Wikinews last month.
He lied to us from the very beginning. First, acting as if it was necessary to do so on legal grounds. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until he was removed the pictures.
Public outrage led to the development of a regulation regarding content of sexually explicit nature for this site, where millions of media materials are available with open licenses.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
As the Moon draws Earth, causing tides, so the Milky Way influences the galaxy in the Sign of the Scorpion.
The scientists concluded that dark matter affects dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a large part of the dark matter around the Galaxy is in the form of an optical ring and consists of a
In the reports on television it is reported about white smoke coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station, to stay in the rooms, turn off air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Japan Atomic Energy Agency, at the plant were found radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities believe that this indicates a possible leak and a rupture in the containers with uranium fuel located on the site.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll found that XDR-TB was extremely resistant to treatment. 
In an interview he said that the new strain "causes very great fears, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were healthcare workers in the hospital.
One year infected person can infect 10 to 15 people by close contact.
However, the proportion of patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of patients is still low; 6000 of 330 000 currently infected in South Africa.
The satellites each weighing more than 1 000 pounds and moving at a speed of approximately 17 500 miles per hour collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion that resulted from the collision was very powerful.
They still try to determine how large the collision was and how much damage will be done to the Earth.
Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is searching for the wreckage." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
The results of the analysis of charts will be published on an open website.
The prosecution will be presented with the charge of murder in the aggravated circumstances, which will be presented to the doctor who worked in the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, after Wednesday her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car, said the authorities
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found lying on the ground next to the road in a shirt and underwear and apparently in a state of strong intoxication.
She sent officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found the body of Saroj Balasubramanian, covered in bloody sheets.
The police said that the body, probably, was there for about a day.
First cases of disease in this season were reported in July.
Transmitters are swine, from which the disease then passes to man through mosquitoes.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as setting up traps for pigs in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying
The government also promised to provide several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines in the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956 he moved to Sweden, where three years later he began working for Swedish Postal Company, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detailing that he is one of the few "named" among philatelists. Some specialise only in collecting his
His magnificent thousand-mark of 2000 is reproducing the "Great Deeds of Swedish Kings" by David-Clecker Ernstal, it was entered in the Guinness Book of Records.
In addition, he was engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his works are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada of 5 and
After the accident Gibson was taken to hospital, but died shortly afterwards.
The driver of the truck was not injured in the accident.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident on the same day about 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage near the accident site said: ‘There were children standing there waiting to cross the road. All of them were crying and screaming.’
All ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda at Bali include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technologies to help developing countries with lower environmental impact.
The UN hopes to complete the establishment of a fund to assist countries suffering from global warming, to combat its consequences.
These funds can go to the construction of houses, resistant to floods, rational use of water resources and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion because of numerous positive feedback and support she received from both women and men, who asserted that contraceptives should be considered as a medical need.
When the fight ended, after the injured were taken to the hospital, more than 40 prisoners remained in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to correct the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are not clear.
In the evening between 10:00 and 11:00, prisoners set fire to the yard.
In a short time the guards in riot gear entered the yard and locked the prisoners in the cell, using tear gas.
The fire was extinguished by a fire brigade at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, the seasonal floods that spread over the river stopped.
This sediment was required for formation of beaches and pebbly shores, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two species of fish, and two others, including the toothed pike, were put on the list of endangered species.
Although the water level will only rise by a few feet, officials are hopeful that this will be enough to restore the sandy banks below the river.
There were no tsunami warnings and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunamis, because the earthquake’s magnitude was not higher than 6.5.
In spite of the absence of tsunami threat, residents began to panic and leave their companies and their homes.
Although Whitney was ready to shed a tear during the farewell, she gave a clear indication to her fans that she would return.
It won’t be a farewell. It’s the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia were announced by the President of the Republic, who was re-elected with a large majority.
The ruling African National Congress Party (ANCP) also retained majority in parliamentary elections.
The coalition and Afghan forces have moved to the area to protect the target and another aircraft has been dispatched to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is believed that it was the result of enemy fire.
The attempts to locate the crash site encounter poor weather conditions and challenging terrain.
The World Health Organization (WHO) and Doctors Without Borders (MSF) have declared the worst Ebola outbreak in history in Guinea, with more than 1,
The representative of the organization "Doctors Without Borders" Richard Viman said: "Angola is going to its worst outbreak in the last ten years, and the
Matches began at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not counting the rainy morning shower, which quickly passed, this was an ideal day for rugby-7.
The favorites of the tournament from South Africa started with a correct note, when they won the beautiful victory with a score of 26-00 over Zambia, which is on the fift
Looking more and more like a team that is struggling against its southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved its performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defence, mastery of the ball and excellent teamwork, and it was clear that they were not going to be easy to beat.
Official representatives of the authorities of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank House say that the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public danger because there is a direct threat
His plan was to be cut on Tuesday, but by a special court decision it was saved.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were called "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100-250 meters (328-820 feet).
According to the infrared images of the night and day temperatures, it is likely that it is caves.
Their surface temperatures are cooler than the surrounding surface, and at night they are warmer.
They’re not as stable as the deep caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they’re similar to the deep pits in the ground," said Glen Kuehne, a planetary geologist with the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, the voting is traditionally conducted low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in the booth and drops a pre-printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate he wishes to vote for, in the envelope.
After the electoral body member assures over identity of the voter, he shall drop the envelope in the voting box and put his signature in electoral register.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988 onwards, the ballot boxes shall be transparent so that voters and observers can be sure that at the beginning of the voting there are no envelopes and that they are not added to them other envelopes, other than envelopes of those people who were allowed to participate in the voting and were counted in a proper manner.
Candidates can send their representatives to observe the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision according to a special procedure.
The ASUS Eee PC, previously presented in the world with an orientation on such factors as cost-saving and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market for laptops will change radically after the award of ASUS Taiwan Excellence Award for stability by the People's Republic of China in 2007.
The station's website describes the show as "a traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted view!".
The show was broadcasted only on the website of an online radio TogiNet Radio dedicated to radio discussions.
In the end of 2015, TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The show was originally acted out by amateurs from the East Texas area.
According to reports, looting continued all night, because there were no police officers on the streets of Bishkek.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of lawlessness.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three Nations Cup on the Royal Bafokeng stadium in Rustenburg,
The final score was 21 to 20, which ended the winning streak of All Blacks in 15 games.
For "Spingbox" this stopped a five-match series of defeats.
This match was the last for "All Blacks", who had already won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be held in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the next week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
The US Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Seismic Information Center (NSIDC) have not received any urgent messages about damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-east of Dalton and about 65 km (40 miles) south-east of Bu
It has been confirmed that the H5N1 avian flu virus, fatal for humans, was found in a dead wild duck found in the Lune riverside in the east of France
France is the seventh country in the EU that has been affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Charles Darwin sued God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
Agnostic Hume asserts that his lawsuit is "merely a frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone.
The story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens tells about a painter, "whose life is controlled by drugs and Japan.
In the end, the actors smoke marijuana on stage, and the theatre encourages the audience to join in.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Governor of Texas Rick Perry and Congressman Michael Bachman took fourth, fifth and sixth places respectively.
After the results were known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he was rude to Romney, for whom in Iowa was broadcasting negative information against Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today's party convention and determine whether or not he should continue his campaign.
Bashman, who won the August election in Ameh, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan Medical Center in Los Angeles, where he later died.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
A fun-and-news website TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police stopping him, before he moved back across the street and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic twice had
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer, most likely, will not be charged with a criminal offense.
Given that the day could only win eight medals, several countries were unable to finish on the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Anna-Lena Jöchs, who finished ninth in the women's race standing in super-G, and Finland with Kaisa Saarijärvi, who finished 10th in the same race.
Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish 11th in the men's supergiant race standing. Czech Ondrej Elinek came to the finish 16th in the men's standing supergiant race.
Arli Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the super giant standing. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the super giant standing.
Poland’s visually impaired skier Mateusz Kryzeł and the leader of the team Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the super giant slalom among men in sitting position.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010, are accused of spreading a disease that began nearby their military camp.
According to the complaint, the waste from the UN camp did not pass proper sanitation, resulting in the bacteria entering the river Artibonite, one of the largest in Haiti.
From the beginning of the 19th century, the country did not face any problems with this disease,
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy cited an independent study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti unintentionally brought disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, UN expert on the disease, said the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the Howard University Hospital in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of Ebola virus infection have been reported.
The hospital was followed the protocol of infection control, including separate isolation of the patient, to prevent the possible infection of other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on several positions on several programs.
In the 1980’s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "The Happy Company" and "The Trevor Ullman Show.
In 1989, with Bruce and Groening, he helped create "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for that show.
While he left the show in 1993, he remained an executive producer and still received millions of dollars in salary each season.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that the plane was stolen.
Later, it was reported that a bomb threat had been received on the aircraft and it was re-routed back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In early reports, the plane was returned to Afghanistan after it was refused an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air accidents are a common occurrence in Iran, where the aging air fleet is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new aircraft.
On the same day, a police helicopter crashed killing three people and injuring three others.
Last year, in Iran, the worst plane crash in years occurred when a plane carrying 168 people from Armenia to Iran crashed, killing all on board.
In the same month another plane crashed outside the runway in Meshkat and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
The rock band was touring in the United States and Canada until September 16.
They canceled the tour after the lead singer Steve Tyler got injured during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving all the points in the set.
Del Potro had a 6-3 lead in the second set, but the tie-break was a close one, with Del Potro winning it
At the moment, Potro was given medical help for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The program began at 8:30 PM local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country sang bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanjee Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chaudhary. He was accompanied by singer Raju Khandelval.
Then Lakhas Singh took over the lead in singing bhajans.
The 108 chappanj bhog plates were served to the goddess of wealth, the goddess of prosperity, the goddess of wealth, the god
Lakkha Singh sang the bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bha
President Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new Nintendo Revolution at the main presentation of the "Tokyo Game Show" in Thursday.
In the controller, which looks like a television remote control, two sensors are located next to the television user, which uses them to calculate his position in three-dimensional space
By moving the device in the air players can control actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Fernando Alonso in the aftermath of a damaged suspension, suffered during numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings," he said, referring to the transcript of the press conference.
I was deeply touched every time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after the engine was started, the cockpit camera showed how many pieces of insulation foam flew off the fuel tank.
However, it is assumed that they did not cause any damage to the shuttle.
The head of the shuttle program at NASA, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said that the foam broke off "after a period of time that causes our concern.
Five minutes before the start of the show the wind increased, and within a minute the wind speed reached 70 km/h... Then started to rain, so heavy and large, as if you are being hit by needles, then from the sky fell hail, people were screaming and bumping each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was a couple of wheelchair-bound people, people just jumped over them and pushed them," said Arman Versace.
NHK also reported that Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in Niigata prefecture, continued operating in a standard manner.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. said that there were no consequences of the earthquake and that the reactors No 1 and No 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to reports, about 9400 homes in the region were without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas the railway traffic has been interrupted and the airport in the prefecture of Ishikawa is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the governor general.
Three bombs exploded near Government buildings in two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals, died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and melamine
The researchers at the University of Utah reported that these two compounds form crystals that can block the kidneys.
The researchers observed crystals of calcium oxalate and urine of cats when adding cinnabar and urine of rats.
Infrared Fourier spectroscopy revealed that the crystal structure of these crystals corresponds to those found in the urine of infected
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America were imported into this country without paying any
However, 80% of our goods were subject to tariffs in Central America.
It didn’t seem to me to be of any use; of course it wasn’t fair.
I tell men that they will be treated as you treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law banning the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence sold in the State of California with a sticker on which is written "18", and that sale of games to minors is punished with a fine of $1000 for each offence." #
Today, at about 7:30 a.m., the Attorney General of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Mr. Kier Starmer, has announced that he has opened a criminal investigation into both Mr. Hun and Mr. Price." #
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Minister Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister of Business.
Huyn and Price are due to appear before the Magistrates' Court of Westminster on February 16.
Nicholas Alder, 25 years old, and Zacharie Caddebeck, 21 years old, were killed. Caddebeck was a driver.
Edgar Velilla received injuries to his right hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
The weapon of Uki failed when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, his head is missing, his face has been reconstructed with titan
Schneider gave testimony via video link from the U.S. Air Force base in his homeland.
In addition to competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter took part in two individual competitions at the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in the first race in which she did not reach the finish line. 36 of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In the other race, this time in giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the position seated with combined time 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 slower than the ninth-placed Hungary
In the women's sitting group four skiers could not finish their races, and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom could not occupy places in the race.
Police of the state of Madhya Pradesh returned the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Deputy General Inspector D. K. Arya said: "We arrested five people who raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The accused have the names of Baba Kandhar, Bhuta Kandhar, Rampro Kandhar and Vishnu Kandhar.
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanka said the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although inside the building at the time of the impact, there were three people, nobody was hurt.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed, while emergency services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
It was initially admitted to James Pede's hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was later moved to the Addenbrooke Hospital in Cambridge.
The Earl of Adélaïde was charged with the murder of her son.
She is currently under arrest awaiting the prosecution to bring her charges and to conduct a trial, but any evidence she may give may be distorted because of her popularity widely used by
This is a common practice in other parts of the United Kingdom, but the Scottish courts operate differently, and they have found the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson from the University of Dundee notes that "journalists seem to be walking a dangerous line, publishing photographs and other information about suspects.
The Royal Prosecution Service, which is responsible for prosecuting, said that no further comments would be made at least until the verdict is handed down.
A document, according to a leak, will deal with the dispute over the borders that the Palestinians want to establish on the basis of those that existed before the start of the Six-Day War
Other topics touched upon, as reported, include the future state of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both peoples, and the issue of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PNA is willing to maintain such presence for only five years.
The archers who took part in the extra test on pest control had to be under the constant supervision of the rangers, because this test was being monitored and evaluated.
In the framework of the partnership between NPWS and the Association of Sporting Shooters of Australia (NSW), NPWS volunteers were trained during the NSW Hunter program.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Department of Wildlife Conservation, four hunters selected for the first shooting operation, have undergone a comprehensive training and safety training.
Yesterday, Marteysi appointed a new Interim Electoral Council (IES), consisting of nine members.
The fifth CEP Marthieu has been for the past four years.
Last month the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Elections Council to resign as part of the package of measures for moving the country towards new elections.
The commission became a response to the mass protests against the state regime that began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the failure to hold elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPod faulty devices, resulting in six fires and four people received minor burns.
METI said it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week, the Ministry of Economy, Labor and Industry announced that Apple informed him of 34 additional cases of overheating, which the company called "minor.
In response, the ministry said the delay was "very disappointing.
At 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a major earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said there were no reports of damage caused by the earthquake.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said that no signs of a tsunami had been observed.
Former Philippine policeman stole a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza shot from his M16 rifle at tourists." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
Six of the hostages were rescued, and at least six were declared dead at this time.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier than the Filipino photographers.
Photographers took over the position of the old woman, because she had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in the footsteps of his father and began his career in medicine.
He received a medical degree and began working at the National Women’s Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When Liggins worked in the hospital, in his free time he began to investigate cases of premature births.
His study showed that if you give the hormone, it will increase the development of the lungs of the fetus.
As reported by Xinhua, on Wednesday the government investigators found two flight recorders or black boxes.
Respected colleagues, too, gave tribute to the Moon.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Dustin "Goat" Rannels said: "Luna was just as crazy as I was... Possibly even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place.
Of the 1400 people surveyed in the run-up to the 2010 federal elections, the number of those who oppose the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008," said the pollster.
Julia Gillard, the acting prime minister during the federal election campaign of 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of respondents share this view and want the Queen Elizabeth II to become the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29 percent of respondents believe that Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent think that it doesn't need this form of government.
Olympic gold medallist was supposed to participate in the 100 and 200m freestyle races and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He could not take the drugs necessary to relieve pain, because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the Central Missouri University, 25th January opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, a few people confirmed this opening by using various hardware and software.
Maybe comets were the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that could form proteins and support life.
Scientists are hoping to understand how planets form, especially how Earth formed, because comets have collided with Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumono started his activities as governor of the region in the beginning of this year and signed the bill on the legalization of same-sex marriages in the past month." #
He called these rumours "political babbling and nonsense.
It is expected that he will run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States, will allow planes to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, as well as reduce carbon
The use of satellite technology instead of the old ground-based radar technology will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
There is no additional transport to Wembley, there will be no stopping of trains on the ground, and there are no parking and pick-up points.
The fears of not having transport caused the assumption that the game may have to be played behind closed doors without fans.
In the description of the study published in Thursday's Science, it is said that a new bird species has appeared on the ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's finch (Geospiza fortes) with the introduced conirostris finch (Geospiza conirostris), a
Gold can be molded into any shape. It can be cast into very small shapes.
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and braided. It can be plated or twisted into rolls.
It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used for decoration of hand-painted illustrations in books – the so-called "frontispiece".
This is called the pH of a chemical substance. You can make an indicator by using the juice of red cabbage.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The pH-value of the substance is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H+) in the substance.
Hydrogen ions are protons, separated from electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron)." #
Get a new mix, mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and roll out this mixture into a ball." #
Water on your hands will enter into a reaction with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a kind of shell.
Almost in every house of the towns Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro was a toilet with a flush, connected to a
The remains of the sewerage systems were discovered in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece." #
Public toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia, and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use satellite.
The satellite in space receives a call and almost instantly reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the atmosphere of Earth distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, a giant rocket is required to be at least 100 feet tall.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing it has done for us, is given us a much easier and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, car and many other transportations.
Under them are more cats of medium size, which eat small prey from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
Their secret of success is the niche concept, special work that each cat performs, which keeps him from competition with other.
The lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called prides.
The pride usually consists of 1-3 males and 1-10 females.
The females usually live in close proximity and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions herds behave very similar to packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a complete athlete, the tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump over long distances and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same genus (Panthera), as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
Tiger's roar is not like a full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a babbling of unintelligible words.
Orcas are fond of eating small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will catch monkeys, snakes, lizards, and birds. Almost all animals, on which orcas hunt, are much smaller than him.
Scientists believe that otters and go on the trail of animals and find their prey by smell, tracking with the sense of smell its movements on the ground.
They are very good at seeing in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable when moving.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than that in which they were previously.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The original population has not changed much – it still needs the same adaptations as it did before.
As time goes by, as the new population begins to adapt to the new environment, it begins to look less and less like the rest of the population.
Over time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, that is, the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential consequence and a very significant part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that the human breathes and absorb carbon dioxide that the human exhales.
The plants feed from the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The mosasaur was the most feared of his time, so he did not fear anyone but other mosasaurs.
His long jaws were covered with more than 70 sharp teeth, and there was a second row on the tongue, so that those who met him were doomed.
We do not know for sure, but it is not out of the question that his tongue was split in two. He ate turtles, large fish, other crustaceans, and
He also attacked everything that was in water; even the giant dinosaur, such as Tyrannosaurus, could not compare with him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes served at banquets. For example, the boar, the peacock, the owl and the sow were all eaten at banque
There was another difference: while the poor people ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have joint feasts, during which they ate lying on their sides.
The Roman diet could not include foods that were imported from the United States or Asia in the following centuries.
In particular, there was no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no Roman citizen had ever tasted beef.
Babylonians built each of the gods a main temple, considered to be the dwelling place of the god.
People were sacrificing to their gods, and priests tried to please the gods on the ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had a open temple courtyard and a inner temple, which could be entered only by priests.
Often, as elements of the temple, were built special towers in the form of pyramids called "Ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special place for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, a house was not of much importance.
Most of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the courtyard; the shops were open shelves, which were facing the street. For the construction of houses, stone was used.
There were no great forests in the land of Canaan, so the wood was very expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the Scandinavian sagas, it is told that Erin Red-haired was expelled from Iceland for murder and, advancing further west, he opened Green
But regardless of his discovery, in those days there already lived the Eskimos.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, the rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen "Treasure of the Nation", you can think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence depicted a map of treasure.
But that is not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, that is not a map of treasures.
The declaration’s reverse reads: "This declaration of independence was signed on July 4, 1776." The text was written on the bottom and upside down.
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document (size 293⁄4 x 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage
Thus, it is quite likely that the entry was added simply as a note.
In the operation " Neptune " and subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated, but the south of France was still not liberated.
He was under the control of the Vichy French. These Frenchmen, signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940 and worked together with the occupiers instead of fighting them.
On August 15th, 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks, the Free French and the Americans liberated southern France and went to Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the carriers of which are a relatively large group of people, living and working together, society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin word civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen," and civitas, meaning "city" or "city-state.
Cities-states are the precursors of nations. Civilizational culture involves the transmission of knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable cultural legacy.
Small cultures often disappear, leaving no historical evidence, and so cannot be recognised as genuine civilizations.
In the American War of Independence thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no powers to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial power, it relied on the powers of the states, which often refused to cooperate and not enforce its acts.
He also did not have the power to cancel the tax legislation and the rates of the states.
To amend this Convention requires the unanimous approval of all States, but States have so disregarded the central government that their representatives seldom appeared.
Italian national football team, alongside Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the FIFA World Cup.
The most popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, auto racing, Formula One.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions. Residents of Italy from these regions take part in international competitions and Olympiads.
In Japan there are approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hokkaido), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its geographical location, Japan is often called an archipelago.
Taiwan's origins date back to the XV century, when European sailors passing by recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa, or "beautiful island
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese labourers to work on their
In 1683, the forces of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire." #
After the defeat in the Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895), the Qing government signed the Sino-Japanese Convention, which gave Japan the right to Taiwan, which was ruled by Japan until
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely the Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three-Windowed Room.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex were reconstructed to give tourists a better idea of how they looked originally.
By 1976, 30% of Machu Picchu was restored. Restoration works continue and still going on.
For example, the most common format for static photos is 35 mm, and this was the dominant size of film on the decline of the analog era.
Today, it is still made, but more important is the fact that the aspect ratio of the images of digital cameras inherited.
The 35-mm format is a little confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and height of 24 mm.
The ratio of this format (divided into two dozens to get a ratio with small whole numbers) is therefore taken as 3:2.
Many popular formats (such as the APS family) are close to or equal to these proportions.
A common and often mocked rule of thirds is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while maintaining a certain degree of order in the image.
It says that the best place to place the main object is on the intersection of lines dividing the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see example
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, becoming rich and powerful, was the object of intense scrutiny.
Christianity has united Europe for more than thousand years despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her all-encompassing power touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church's money exists to this end.
The center of the church's power was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and such concentration of power and wealth led to the fact that many doubted whether this dogma was being observed." #
In a short time after the beginning of the war, Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated the universally accepted international laws, laid down in several international agreements over the past two centuries.
Britain has detonated international waters to prevent warships from entering whole sectors of the oceans, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because of the reaction to this tactic was mild, Germany expected such a reaction on its unhindered submarine operations.
In the 1920s, among the majority of citizens and nations, there were such feelings as pacifism and isolation.
After the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, states wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
 # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
He came to America with four dollars in his pocket, with a book of poetry and a recommendation from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison.
In ancient China, each phase of China or each family, ruling at the time, were special dynasties.
In addition, there was a great division and instability between the reigns of each dynasty. The most famous period of Three Kingdoms was 60 years during the Han and Qin dynasties.
During this period there were fierce battles between many noble people fighting for the throne.
The era of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people were killed in the process of fighting for the throne in the great palace
There are many such social and political effects as the use of the metric system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, not to
Also after the Revolution, opportunities for work opened up to all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because ranks have become based on qualities, not on origins.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that did not concern the worldly life. He often visited the cave known as "Hira" on the mountain "Nur" (light) for
The cave that has survived till our days is a vivid picture of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on the top of the mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to discover even to those who know of its existence. In the cave man is isolated from the world.
There is nothing to be seen but pure beautiful sky above your head and the multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that is still standing today.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of the many great pyramids built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
Great Pyramid of Giza, or the Valley of the Kings, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (including the Great Pyramid of Giza), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
Great Pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Haps, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of his wives and his relatives.
The movement of the screw key looks like V, and the movement of the square key looks like a screw or a square without a bottom.
Up" means that you should start with the tip of your finger and move your bow forward, and "down" means that you should start with where your bow is holding the tip and move it back.
The upward movement of the joint is usually softer than the downward movement, while the downward movement is more forceful and aggressive.
You can draw your own shading, but remember that the shading is printed for musical reasons, and it usually should be followed.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowd of women from the market forced back in Paris from Versailles the King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd forced the King and Queen wide open the windows.
At some point one of the participants of this mob waved his hand to the guard killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified queen.
The American imperialism's military expenditures on the Philippines paid for themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and interest on the bonds, transferred by the Philippine government through banks in Wall Street.
Of course, the huge profits, brought about by the long exploitation of the Filipinos, were the main source of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The period in which the events took place is called the High Middle Ages, the period of European history, which covers the period from 1000 to 1300 years (1000-1300 BC)." #
The High Middle Ages replaced the earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term covering a wide range of practical and theoretical ideas, from technological progress or technological imperative to a strict point of view that fates of people are driven by the fundamental logic of science and its manifestation
A majority of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences, and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own
For example, you could say that the automobile is the essential cause of the development of roads.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received on the road.
Romanticism was very much influenced by cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography formed people, and with time, there were associated with them customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of this society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris is the capital of fashion in the modern world, so Constantinople was the capital of fashion in the Middle Ages.
His fame as a centre of luxury spread about 400 B. C. and lasted until about 1100 AD.
His status was lowered during the 12th century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than the goods offered on the Byzantine markets.
At this moment and the transfer of the title of the Capital of Fashion from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between X-XI centuries and XIV century.
At first clothes were influenced by Byzantine culture on the east.
But because of slow channels of communication, western styles may lag behind by 25-30 years.
Once the Crusades had ended, the development of own styles began in Western Europe. One of the greatest achievements of the time was the use of buttons for fastening clothes.
Natural agriculture is the agriculture that provides enough food for the farmer and his/her family.
Organic farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of the plants that grow in this ecosystem, along with the use of rotational farming and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, many farmers were engaged in agriculture for the purpose of sustenance, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people who feel marginalized by the society and allow them to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or gender, from which it is composed.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
In reality, however, certain subcultures often claim their affiliation through a certain and symbolic use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most widely used methods to illustrate the importance of socialisation is to illustrate several tragic cases when children were not able to contact with adults during their growing up.
Such children are called "wild" or "wild." Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such an abandonment of their child was the result of the rejection of parents for
Children who live on the streets, it is possible that they have experienced severe forms of violence or trauma before escaping or being abandoned.
Others, as is claimed, were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild.
Special Benefits: If he is completely trained by animals instead of people, a wild child displays the same behaviors (within physical limits) in almost all like the one he grew up with – for example, his fear or indifference
In contrast to the project-based learning, scaffolding is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be either virtual or real. In other words, your teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolding, helping in learning, is embedded in the software and designed to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, which may be too difficult for the learner to cope with on his own.
Children are handed over to foster care for a variety of reasons: from being abandoned to being abused and even extortion." #
Children should not grow up in a situation where they are not provided with care, education and care, but they grow.
We believe that the foster care system is safe for children.
Our system of care should provide safe housing, loving parents, stable education and reliable health care.
Patronage education should provide all the needs, which were lacking in the house, where they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communications.
The Internet has a number of advantages that lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
Thus, it is stated that "education" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al.
Personal involvement" and "long-term contacts" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites
Video recordings" led to important discoveries in the field of microexpressions – movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to determine whether a person lies, by the correct interpretation of his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people who are unable to understand speech, but can correctly evaluate the sincerity of the speaker." #
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the 20th century showed that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
A mutation introduces a new genetic variant, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variants.
Segregation and recombination with every generation shuffle the variations between two pools.
In the savanna, the primates with such digestive systems as humans, it is difficult to meet their needs for amino acids by using the available plant resources.
In addition, failure to do this will lead to such serious consequences as slow growth, malnutrition and, in the end, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins, found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as we, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, animal-derived food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also is a rich source of proteins containing all the essential amino acids
Taking into consideration all that has been said, it is not surprising that our ancestors decided the “protein problem” in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna do today
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional awakening during normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short time (10–60 minutes).
This can be done easily with a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and at the same time not wake you up completely.
If you find you are resetting your alarm clock while you are asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, which will wake you up, to turn it off." #
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (for example, water or tea known as a diuretic), which forces you to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner peace of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the life-force present in you. Each person is capable of acquiring absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it was supplemented by the Mahayana path of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-consuming love.
Kundalini energy (the energy of enlightenment) in Kundalini yoga is awakened through postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of Gods. By visualization of various Gods, the channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the consciousness is enlightened.
Germany was an enemy of all, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the USA. After the war, the differences in the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and the Cold War began.
She had to last for 40 years. In it she fought with real weapons, using indirect armies, on the battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places in the world.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defence was already breached, and only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian Fronts after the capture of the Eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Pact of Non-Aggression, and other international agreements
The use of ships for transporting goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and goods through oceans.
The traditional work of sailors is to ensure the ability of the country to move its people and goods, and simultaneously to prevent the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most noteworthy recent examples of this was the Atlantic Ocean crossing during WW2. Americans attempted to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German naval fleet, using mainly their submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition had failed, Germany, I think, would have been able to conquer Britain as well as the other countries of Europe.
Early domestication of cattle may have occurred in the Zagros Mountains about 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to leave them to themselves so that they had milk, wool, meat and skin.
The domestic goats were usually kept in herds, which wandered over hills or other pastures, where the herders were usually children or adolescents, which is similar to the practice of a shepherd.
The roads for carriages were built in England in the 16th century.
While wagon roads were merely laid parallel to planks of wood, they gave horses the opportunity to transport larger loads and at a faster rate than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
The rails were first used to hold the rails in place. However, later on it was found that the tracks were more effective when laid on a layer of iron above.
This has become a common practice, but iron has led to greater wear on wooden wheels on wagons.
In the course of time wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1766 the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transport was walking, people began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means straight man).
For their ancestors the australopithecines did not walk on all fours as they do today.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can start living, more caring about the environment. We can be members of the environmental movement and even can be activists to help at least a little bit ease the suffering of the future
In general, it is similar to the treatment of symptoms. If we need not just a temporary solution, but to find the root of the problem and to solve it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the progress of science and technology of humanity, and the problems are more complex due to overpopulation and the extravagant way of
After the Congress of July 4th, a manuscript draft signed by the chairman of Congress John Hancock and the secretary Charles Thompson was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap." #
In one night, 150–200 copies of the "Dunlop leaflets" were made, now known as "Dunlop leaflets.
The first public reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the courtyard of Independence Hall on July 8th.
6 July, one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. A copy arrived in London on 10 August.
25 of Danley's leaflets are known to be the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Today many paleontologists believe that one of the groups of dinosaurs survived and lived to this day. We call them birds.
Often they are not considered dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there is still much to say about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have scales and claws, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers that are used today are based on information that is encoded in binary.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is, 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" — or "bits", if using computer jargon.
It may be difficult to identify oral poisoning right away. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemical.
Read the label, where you will find special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to refer to a group of insects.
This concept comes from the well-known bedbugs - insects, well adapted to parasitism on man.
And predators, and bed bugs are nest-living species, adapted to life in the nest or home of their owner.
According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), approximately 400 thousand people in the United States have multiple sclerosis (
Multiple sclerosis is a disease affecting the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the optic nerve.
Studies have shown that women are twice as likely to suffer from MS as men.
The couple may decide that raising the child does not meet their interests or the interests of the child.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
When a child is adopted or adopted by a couple, biological parents refuse to have parental rights for the sake of another couple to take the child.
The main purpose of science is to find out how the world works, by applying the scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
But he is not the only. Scientific investigations also operate on experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and observing.
Naturalist and philosophers concentrated their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, were taken the views of Aristotle.
As knowledge of Greek language deteriorated, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are largely dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not merely a response to periodic stimuli, have been recorded by most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even without external stimuli.
The experiment of Hersch and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase implanted their DNA into the bacteria with the help of phages, which is viruses.
They conducted two experiments, labelling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactive iron protein of the phage.
Mutations can result in a great variety of results, depending on the species of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material, and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germline can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who love to travel to the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the list of examples of active leisure on the site - hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
Examples of this can be found when you visit, photograph and study Orang Utan in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to their place of work, and by their side pass those whose place of work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in some way is connected with the transport system based on personal cars and supports it.
In the present day science indicates that the enormous fossil fuel economy has had an impact on one of the stable states of the biosphere that has supported evolution for the last two million years." #
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why are there so many complaints about transport systems? Why do they break down every day? Is it because transport engineers are incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental going on?" #
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out within the framework of the study of transport flows.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study the traffic intensity because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver with absolute certainty.
There is a certain consistency in the behaviour of drivers, so the overall flow of traffic is somewhat systematic, and can be approximated mathematically.
To better understand the transport flow, were established relationships between the three main quantities: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, design and operation of railway facilities.
The insects were the first animals to rise in the air. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
Most insects have the ability to fold their wings along the body, which gives them an advantage.
This provides them with more hiding places, of which they can hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
A Greek named Aristarchus said that the solar system revolved around the sun.
Many believed that he was right, but many still believed that the Sun revolved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars)." #
It seems reasonable to us... because we don't feel that the Earth is moving, do you?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first largest river on Earth. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, with its width sometimes reaching six miles.
20 percent of the water that flows into the oceans from the rivers of our planet is from the Amazon.
The Amazon River has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids of stone lasted until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids of Giza has never been surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians were amazed by monuments, created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of Vatican City is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the smallest population country.
The Vatican uses Italian in legislation and official communications.
Italian is also the everyday language of most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
People from ancient times were aware of the main chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that all things are composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air, and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, though he also supposed that they are transformed into a new state, so that we see what we see.
Composites are essentially mixtures of two or more metals. Remember that in the periodic table there are many elements.
So-called metals such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also such metals as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of such non-metallic elements as carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles, called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them can fit in the end of this sentence.
So the pencil became a good friend for many people, when it appeared.
It is sad that when new ways of writing were invented, pencil lost its former status and it was less used.
Now people write messages on screens of computers, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
It is only a guess what will happen to the keyboard, with the introduction of more new technologies.
Atomic bomb works on the principle that for a large number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary to
Approximately as to push a heavy cart up a hill. Then the second splitting of the nucleus releases part of this energy
Some atoms have a volatile nucleus, which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence." #
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents.
She’s thinner under the moon’s seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side there may be more moon sea, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to rise to
Content theories focus on the search for what makes people act or might interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate within the process of growing up.
These theories turn to what makes people want to do what they do, and what surrounds them to make or not to make certain things.
Two popular theories of content are the "Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs" and the "Gerzberg’s Two-Factor Theory of Motivation.
Typically, two types of behavior can be observed when managers begin to manage people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is the attempt to remain "their guy" (or girl).
Those who are in charge of difficult decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate the results of work, assign duties and to punish the employees.
On the other end of the spectrum, the individual becomes a non-recognizable individual, who feels he must change everything that the team has done and take it over.
Because the manager ultimately bears responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This conduct often leads to conflicts between leaders and other members of the team.
Virtual teams follow the same standards of skill as normal teams, but there are small differences.
Virtual members of the team often perform the role of a point of contact for their direct physical group.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional teams, because their teams can meet at different time zones, which is not always understandable by local management.
The presence of a true "invisible team" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also unique to the virtual team.
The invisible team" is a team of leaders who report to each member. The invisible team sets standards for each member.
Why the organization should go through the laborious process of creating self-learning organization? One of the objectives of the application of self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used across all functional units of the organization, creativity and innovation can be manifested.
In the end, a united effort of the organization to overcome the obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that will be in line with the interests of the customer.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge exchange and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006, p. 58) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used to help organizations achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The data of neurobiology provide physical evidence for the theoretical approach to the study of consciousness. Thus, the area of research is narrowed, and it becomes much more precise." #
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It is known that various types of injuries, traumas, lesions and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
New technologies allow us to see and explore unseen structures and processes in the brain.
It provides us with a large amount of data and materials for creating and simulating models that help us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although AI is firmly associated with sci-fi, it forms a very important area of computer science, which studies the behavior and learning of machines and "infusing" them with
AI research includes the creation of machines for automating tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
These problems are dealt with in separate disciplines, which aim at solving the problems we face in everyday life.
The AI system is currently being used in the economic, medicine, engineering and military sectors, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Technology offers a solution through virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the Aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Sharing the tour online for all to see is also a great way to refresh your memory of the tour and share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennett High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of the state, and every year that site is updated, but access to the old versions is still available — they serve as
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using poor grammar and spelling, this usually changes because of the presence of an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive for perfection in his or her writing in order to avoid criticism.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Bloggership is an instrument that stimulates collaboration, and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
Use of blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, and also to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002).
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a large number of art galleries and museums, opening the past and present of Canada.
On the south is Niagara Falls, while the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and surrounding areas.
All of this and many more makes Ontario Canada something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something
The larger areas further north are sparsely populated, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the population: in the States there are more blacks than Canadians.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean near the East Coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much bigger than other countries and is a unique continent in terms of wildlife.
Almost all the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as luxurious beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 14th century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India
Northern region is limited to Sahel, and the south and west - the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists are advised to say that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
Also useful to wear ring (not too expensive on appearance).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may make them feel harassed, women are often pursued, grabbed by the hand and so on.
Stand firm against men and be afraid of standing your ground (this is not allowed regardless of cultural differences).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroeans as a strategic port, called Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the Castle of Kazan-Branka, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The Sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and the Spanish traders who founded here trading bases, called it Casablanca.
Casablanca - one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
There are many places where you can buy traditional Moroccan products such as tajines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs and a whole range of trinkets, but all this is for tourists.
Goma is a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was destroyed by a volcanic eruption that buried under its streets, especially the central part of the city.
Goma is a safe place, but it is a good idea to check the information on any travel outside Goma to understand the situation in the North Kivu province.
This city is also an ideal starting point for climbing the volcano Nyiragongo, as well as you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can ride a Goma-Goma (motor taxi) in a normal (local) price of 500 CFA francs for a short ride.
Timbuktu" became a metaphor for an exotic far land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List, threatened by sand dunes.
When shooting the program of Henry Louis Gates, Jr. "African Wonders" on the PBS channel, one of the most important stops was made here." #
This city is very different from other cities in that it is dominated by Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic Arabic
The Kruger National Park is located in the northeastern part of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its southern
The park area is 19 500 km2; in it is allocated 14 different eco zones, each of which is a habitat of different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, there is a daily fee for its protection and access.
Also may be beneficial to buy a Wild Card, which allows you to visit national parks of South Africa,,,,,,,,,,,,,
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honour of the island of Hong Kong, the place that many tourists consider as the main object of their attention.
The line of buildings that form the horizon of Hong Kong are compared to a sparkling column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour." #
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, it is necessary to leave the island and go to the coast of the Yue Long Peninsula, which is
The most developed districts of the city of Hong Kong are concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the northern shore.
This place was taken by British colonists, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, then this is the right place to start.
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt extending from the shore to 80 km (50 miles) into the interior of the country in Bangladesh and India
Sunderbans was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park Sunderbans.
These forests are not just swamps of mangroves — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Gang
Sudan's Sunderbans covers an area of 3850 sq. km, of which about 30% is covered by water or swamps." #
Sundaburn is a wildlife reserve and, according to estimates, there are currently 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer in the area.
The buses leave from the inter-district bus station (on the river) all day long, although most of them leave at 06:30 and 07:30.
Because buses from the district are often overcrowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Coaster are small Japanese buses, comfortable and reliable.
Bus is a quick and convenient way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 Ngultrums) and Punkha (200 Ngultrums).
The Oyapock Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l
The two towers reach 83 m (237 ft) in height, and the bridge itself is 378 m (984 ft) long and has two lanes of traffic, 3.5 m wide.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guaranian were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters, who
The area of Chaco served as home to different groups of local people, for example to the Guaicuro and Paguaya, they survived by hunting, gathering and fishing
In the sixteenth century Paraguay, which until then was called "a vast province of the East India Company", was formed by the clash of Spanish conquistadors with native
The Spanish started the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
Since its founding in 1537, Paraguay has largely succeeded in preserving its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams in the world, as well as the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on polo fields in Las Canas.
Less-large tournaments and matches can also be seen in other seasons.
To find out about polo news and where to buy tickets for polo matches, visit the Argentine Polo Association website.
Official currency - Falkland Islands Pound (FKP)
Money can be exchanged in one of the islands' only banks, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
Generally, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, they will also often accept credit cards and US dollars.
On remote islands, credit cards may not be accepted, though British and American currencies may be accepted; be sure to clarify with the owners of which payment method is
Currency of Falkland Islands is almost impossible to exchange outside of them, so exchange money before you leave the islands.
Because Montevideo is south of the equator, there is summer in the northern hemisphere when in the southern hemisphere winter.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In summer months, the air temperature exceeds +30 ° C is a common occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely drop below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of a colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There is no particularly "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are accustomed to seeing people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb animals.
The administration of the park warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and do not approach more than 25 yards/meters to all other
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - buffalo, deer, elk, and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year dozens of visitors get injured because they do not respect the necessary distance. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or wearing with you smelly food, and maintain cleanliness in the camp.
Apia – the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 inhabitants.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The bay was the site of a bitterly remembered naval confrontation in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Britain refused to
All ships sank, except one British cruiser. The death toll was about 200 American and German sailors.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, peaceful assembly in the town led to the murder of the supreme leader Tupou Te’
There are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three areas
• North Shore beaches (in the area of North Harbor) are lined with the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Beach on the north to De
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded thanks to such trees as the baobab." #
In the central area of Oakland, where the bayside neighborhoods of Mills-Bay and St. Helena Bay are located, are the sandy beaches of Tamaki
This is sometimes crowded with people family beaches with good choice of shops, located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that can be drunk, however New Zealand and Australian wines can better be transported.
Local tap water is completely safe to drink, but if you still worry, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
The Australians don’t understand the idea of "flat white". "Little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a superior quality.
On the reef year-round there are many trips, and injuries caused by any of these causes on the reef are rare.
But follow all the government's instructions, obey all the signs and pay close attention to the safety warnings.
Cabomedea is found in the vicinity of beaches and river mouths to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be
Sharks are real, but rarely attack people. Most sharks fear people and flee.
These crocodiles do not live in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers to the north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booking allows you to not worry about where to stay when you arrive at your destination.
Travel agents often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book through a travel agent and other forms of accommodation, such as camping sites.
Travel agents usually sell packages which include breakfast, transfers to/from the airport or even combination packages which include flights and accommodation in a hotel.
They may also keep a reservation if you require time to think about the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, visas)." #
Any changes or requests should be made first to the travel agency, and not directly to the hotel.
Some music festivals have a large proportion of participants sleeping on the festival grounds, and many of them consider this to be an essential part of the festival.
If you want to be close to the stage, you should arrive in advance to find a campsite close to the music.
Don’t forget: even if the main stages are already over, there may be areas where live music will continue till late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, ask about the cabin location, because ice passage leads to a rather loud noise, which can disturb the most sensitive people.
Cruises to Saint Petersburg include guided walks of the city. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
In most cases, casinos try to make customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. There are no clocks and windows in the casino, and it is difficult to find the
They usually offer a special menu, drinks and entertainment to keep guests in a good mood and not leave the establishment.
In some establishments they offer free alcohol. However, drunkenness makes you lose your head, and all good players know how important it is to stay sober.
Everyone who plans to travel in high-latitude or high-mountain areas should take into account the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On icy and snowy road friction is low, and you can't drive as well as on a normal road.
In the winter, enough snow to make it difficult to get stuck, can fall in a relatively short period of time.
The visibility may also be limited due to snow, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, the weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and the traffic continues year round almost without breaks.
Safari — it is, perhaps, the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
Safari in Swahili means "go and look." In everyday use, the term "safari" means a land trip with the purpose of seeing the amazing wildlife of Africa, especially in the savan
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach cars, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lions, cheetahs and leopards sometimes are cautious, and you will look at them better through a binocular.
Walking safari (also called "tree climbing", "hiking safari" or "walking tour") consists of a trek of several hours to several days.
Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in different places in Japan.
Tokyo will be the only city in Asia twice that hosted summer Olympic games. The first time they were held here in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced to be moved, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
Order cancellation rules may vary, but at the end of March most of the rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were planned.
Expected that most of the tickets will cost from 2,500 to 130,000 yen, with a standard ticket price of about 70,000 yen.
Dry cleaning helps clothes dry. Many hotels provide a iron and ironing board for hire, even if they are not available in the room.
If you don't have a iron or you are not fond of wearing clean socks, you can try a hairdryer if it is available.
Do not subject the fabric to too high temperature (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different methods of cleaning water, some are more effective against specific threats.
In some places, it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in others, it will take a few minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you have any doubts, you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a reputable company
Travelers can come face-to-face with pest animals, which they have never seen in their native habitats.
Predators can ruin food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release toxins or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which can cause damage or death to a human, are usually not considered pests.
Duty Free shopping" is the opportunity to buy in certain points goods without taxes and duties.
Travellers who are heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a significant amount, especially on such goods as alcohol and tobacco.
The section between Point-Marie and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, desolate and forested areas
If you are not used to riding on country roads, be careful: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits are significantly lower than the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 miles / h (56-64 km / h) - and strict compliance with them is even more important than
However, surprisingly, mobile telephone service is much better here than on many other sections of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, Wyoming.
German bakery goods are quite good. In Bavaria they are very plentiful and varied and look like the bakery goods of their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cake is popular, cake with apples is all year round, cherries and plums appear in summer.
In German cakes often use almonds, walnuts and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often go well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling sweet biscuits, try what, depending on the region, is called donuts or pancakes with filling.
Curry is a dish based on herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
In terms of the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "wet".
In the interior of Pakistan and Northern India, in curry, yogurt is used. In South India and in some regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is used." #
Indonesian cuisine, having 17,500 islands to choose from, is a general term applied to a vast variety of regional cuisines that are found across the country.
But without further clarification, this term is usually understood to refer to food from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavana cuisine, widely spread on the archipelago, includes a variety of simple spiced dishes. The most preference is given to such flavorings as peanuts, chili, sugar (especially yavana coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices
Horseback supports are the legs of the rider, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the rider with better resilience, but there are potential safety issues, as there is the possibility of a rider's foot getting stuck.
If a horse throws the rider, but his boot is caught in the stirrup, a bolting horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take certain precautions.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual saddles, especially English, are equipped with protective braces, which prevent the leather stirrup from falling off, if the rider is pulled back by the falling horse.
Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
At the top you can enjoy the most beautiful mountain scenery. Climbing enthusiasts from all over the world constantly create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular winter sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on attached skis or snowboards.
Skiing is the main tourist destination for many ski enthusiasts (they are sometimes called "skiing leisure").
The idea of skiing is very old: rock paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC.
Skiing as a sport originated at least to the 16th century, and in 1861, the Norwegians opened the first recreational ski club in Australia.
Skiing, trekking, hiking, backcountry skiing,
It is related, but usually does not include hiking up the peak and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
You will be able to cover a greater distance than walking, but you will only be able to achieve this speed when you don't have a heavy backpack and there is a well-paved trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but on it there are many independent states. In normal circumstances, a journey through many countries would mean the need to apply for a visa and multiple passport checks.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Being in this zone, you usually can cross the border, without going through the checkpoints again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries-members of the Schengen Agreement separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork." #
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define goods over 100 years old as an antique.
Age limits" are a geographical variant of the concept, in which the age limit in such places as North America, may be less than in Europe.
Artifacts can be defined as antiques even though they are younger than mass-produced products.
Reindeer husbandry is an important source of livelihood for the Sámi people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this custom is traditional, not all the members of the Sami people were involved in the mass rearing of reindeer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using reindeer mainly as draught animals.
Today, many Sámi are engaged in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sámi region Lapland.
The word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country is recommended for travel warnings, this may affect your travel insurance during your trip or your cancellation insurance.
Maybe you should also consult with other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their own citizens.
Here is an example: citizens of the USA in the Middle East can face situations that are not faced by Europeans or Arabs.
In the news reports, only a brief description of the political situation in one country is given.
The opinions expressed are often superficial, vague and oversimplified compared to the widespread availability of more detailed information.
Unfavorable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause any damage, cause serious social upheaval or lead to human casualties.
Bad weather conditions are everywhere around the globe, and they come in different types, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rains, and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather events such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and
To the regional and seasonal dangerous weather phenomena are: snow storms, icy and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly recommended to take into account any risks associated with the harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
All those planning to visit a country which may be considered as a zone of military operations should undergo professional training.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The course typically covers more in-depth topics than the ones covered in this course, more often with hands-on practice.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines, which tell about survival in the wild, are often found, but there are not many publications about battlefields.
People planning to undergo gender reassignment surgery abroad should make sure they have valid travel documents to return home.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated with the desired name and sex in different places is different.
The readiness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under these documents is so varied.
The checkpoints at the borders have become much more rigorous since September 11, 2001.
Transgenders who are preparing for surgery should not expect to be scanned, and their private lives and dignity will not be affected.
A breakwater – a wave that is created by the waves that break over the shore, or sometimes against a reef or something like that.
The reverse flow is concentrated in a few deeper areas where rapid currents can form, going down to a greater depth, due to the similar underwater topology.
Most deaths occur when attempting to return to the current against the tide, which may be impossible.
As soon as you leave the current, it will be easier to return to normal than usual.
Try to go there where you will not be caught again, or, depending on your skills and the fact that you were noticed, you may want to wait for rescue.
The shock to return to your home country is earlier than the cultural shock (this is a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and is more difficult.
Travellers who are easily adapted to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and have lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, were kind to you, knowing that travelers need to adapt to a new country.
It may be surprising to people that patience and understanding are required of travelers returning home.
The sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show begins.
Often the noise of tourists and sellers is heard. The sound of history and light is like a book with stories.
Sphinx acts as the background and narrator of a long story.
The stages are shown on the pyramids, and different pyramids are lighted.
On the 1819 opened southern Shetland Islands, several countries are contesting. There are more bases and in 2020, sixteen were active bases.
The archipelago is situated in 120 kilometers from the peninsula. The largest island bears the name of King George with the settlement of Villa-las-Esperillas." #
Others include the island of Livingston and the Deception Bay, where a submerged caldera of an active volcano is a spectacular natural harbor.
The land of El Suert is a region south of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain range of El Suyert, divided by the Minnessota Icefield
North of the ridge, that is on the ridge Sentinel, there are the highest mountains of Antarctica - massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892 m
In remote areas outside the coverage of mobile communication satellite phones may be your only option.
As a rule, a satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, because you need to be in the direct line of sight with the satellite to make a call.
The service is frequently used in shipping, including cruise ships, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communication.
In most cases you will be able to get further information about this service by contacting your local telecommunications operator.
The option becoming increasingly popular for those who plan to take an academic year, is to travel and study.
It is especially popular among high school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting at risk their education.
Many times, when you are on a break from school, you can actually increase your chances of getting into higher education institutions in your home country.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Finland is a good place for boat tourism. In "land of thousand lakes" there are also thousands of islands on lakes and in coastal archipelagos." #
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can quite easily do without a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks leave a completely different impression.
Boating is a national pastime in Finland. In particular, one boat for seven or eight people.
Another situation is unique in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is from one to forty).
Most Baltic cruises include a prolonged stay in St. Petersburg.
That means that you can spend several full days in this historical city, and sleep on the ship.
If you go to the beach only as an excursion on a boat, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
In some cruise brochures, Berlin is featured. As you can see on the map on the top, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
A flight on a plane can be frightening for a person of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: it is no different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are a part of the lives of many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from the unknown or inability to control the process.
The delivery services are well paid for fast delivery. Frequently the speed of delivery of commercial documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repair is very important.
On some routes, there are more large companies owning their own aircraft, but for other routes and smaller companies with this problem.
If they were shipping anything as an air cargo, then loading and clearance could take several days.
The only way to get it sorted out is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's rules do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, so you have to be
The most obvious way to fly in the first or business class - to pay for this privilege (or better - to force your company to pay for you).
But thats not all. It is much more expensive - in a rough approximation you will pay four times more for economy class and in a dozen times more for first class!
In general, there is no sense even to look for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
The airlines know that there is a certain core group of passengers who are willing to pay a large sum for the privilege of moving quickly and comfortably to anywhere, so they charge a correspond
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed Transdniestria on the eastern side of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by
While the failure of political negotiations, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city of Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transport hub.
In ancient times the city of Smyrna was a modern, developed and lively trading centre, situated along the vast bay and surrounded by the mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass facades of modern shopping centres, interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, the old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than a traditional Turkey.
From the village Haldorsvik you can see the island of Esturai, which also has an unusual octagonal church.
On the cemetery there are interesting marble statues of birds.
It’s well worth spending a half hour exploring the unusual village.
It is relatively close to the north, the romantic and charming town of Sintra, which was praised by Lord Byron and became famous all over the world.
Bus No. 403 runs on regular routes to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
North of visit also the great Church of the Virgin Mary (tomb of the Virgin Mary) - a place of world famous apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you, in essence, are on the same graveyard as well as a place that is unparalleled in its importance to a large percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
There are still many men and women who have survived their stay here, but there are more people whose relatives have been killed here or worked here to death, whether Jews or other nationalities.
Please treat this place with respect, seriousness and dignity, which it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Don't deface this place by defacing or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, because it is the official language of law.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The usual announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced by an automatic system in many languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be arrogant, rude and self-centered.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The unfriendly appearance of Paris will vanish, if you show a little politeness.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is a dense forest, mainly oaks, elms and pines, and is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Because of the combination of microclimates, different soils and altitudes, Kopaonik is home to a very diverse plant community.
The area is rich in many different species of animals and birds.
Here you can meet rare examples of the flora and fauna, for example, European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
Women should not be wearing pants.
In most monasteries, women are given the habit if they come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially brightly colored, monk or nun will smile at you.
In addition, men should wear trousers that cover the knees.
They can also be taken at the entrance, however this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size for all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as the cuisine of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (especially pork), with a widespread use of olive oil." #
Pambol is a very popular dish on a lunch, especially in summer. Bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, and also the word Sie, which means you, always written with capital letter even in the middle of the sentence.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
This also makes it easier to read, since writing is slightly more complicated because it is necessary to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
The pronunciation of Italian is relatively simple, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is especially important to pay attention to the letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In Persian language, the grammar is relatively easy and mostly regular.
That is why reading this Persian Grammar will help you learn a lot of new and better understand expressions.
It is obvious, that if you have a language of the Romance group, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and it can be learned separately.
Ancient observatories, usually today are considered obsolete and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution during their peak did not pose such a problem as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in the present day.
Most modern research telescopes are huge structures in remote locations with favorable weather conditions.
Watching the blossoming of sakura, called "khans", has entered Japanese culture since the VIII century.
This idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan the first celebrations of cherry blossoms were held by the Emperor only for himself and other members of the aristocracy at the imperial court.
The plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't be tempted to take just one.
If you visit an official garden, you will be expelled without any discussion.
Singapore is a very safe place, where it is easy to orient yourself, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, being in the "deep tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to cope with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely)." #
There are several buses that go north to Hebron - a legendary place of burial of the patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and their wives
Make sure that the bus you’re about to board is going to Hebron, not just the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
The internal waterways can be a good theme for any celebration.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise along the Danube, or a boat trip along the canal Ery.
They also define routes for popular pedestrian and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and in other parts of the world.
There is a tradition to spend the night of Passover, not sleeping, in some open place to see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it may well be an ancient spring ritual and fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold the Easter liturgy in the evening on the Easter weekend, with the congregation usually starting at midnight celebrating the Resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that originally arrived here, swam here, landed here or were blown here by the current.
Due to the great distance from the continent, mammals could not get to the place where the giant tortoise is the main grazer on the Galápagos Islands
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been imported, including cattle, horses, cows, rats,
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctica in winter, you will learn that the polar night, when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This presents a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what we are used to in the West.
Coats are standard business attire, while colleagues address one another by name or by position.
Very important is a team-oriented atmosphere and health promotion at the workplace.
Often, employees must get permission of the head before taking any decisions and must obey the orders of the head
