Now we have four-month old mice, who no longer have diabetes.
according to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, Professor of Medicine at the Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and the president of the clinical research department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still in their early stages.
As with some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already developed.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, publicly announced during a radio broadcast on Sveriges that the committee, which had not been able to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016, was ceasing attempts to contact him.
Danius said: "At the moment we do nothing. I called and sent emails to his closest employee and received very friendly responses. At the moment, of course, that's enough.
The founder of Ring Jamie Sinofsky noted that this company began with the fact that he did not hear the doorbell in his garage.
He said he created a doorbell that works from WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance in the show "Shark Tank" in 2013 where the jury refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017, Simonoff appeared on the trading channel QVC.
Ring settled a lawsuit with its competitors, security firm ADT Corporation.
While there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce mortality from Ebola, there is no medication that has shown any effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but the official studies have shown that it has a lower benefit in preventing death than previously expected.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control level, that is, they used it as the baseline and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and agrees that a safe environment for all our athletes is absolutely necessary.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more appropriately serve the interests of our organization, rather than its revocation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how such a widespread, so brazenly described by the surviving victims Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all appropriate and appropriate changes in this case.
The United States of America's Federation of Gymnastics and the United States Olympic Committee have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes, so that they could aspire to their goals in a safe, positive environment and were afforded all rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski served as a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
during the 1976 presidential election he advised Carter on foreign policy, and then from 1977 to 1981 he worked as a national security adviser, replacing Henry Kissinger.
As a national security adviser, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the Camp David Accords of 1978, the normalization of Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, the formulation of policy on Iran's revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in
This film with the participation of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone was nominated in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to the Best Picture, Director, Editor, Costume Design, Sound, Original Music, Art Direction, Sound Editing, Original Screenplay, Original Score, Original Film Editing, Original Score, Original Film Sound, Original Film Sound Editing, Original Film Sound Mixing, Original Film Sound Mixing, Original Film Sound Mix
Two songs from the movie – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
Late at night on Sunday, President Trump through his press secretary said that the US troops will leave Syria.
The statement was made after the phone conversation with President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will take the main role in the question of the protection of captured ISIS fighters, which, according to the statement, European states did not agree to return home.
It is not only confirming that at least some of the dinosaurs had feathers, which is a widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not obtainable from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
The scientists say the coat of this animal was from top to bottom brown, and from below either pale or had carotenoid pigmentation.
The discovery also allows you to familiarize yourself with the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed quill, called rhaxis, but still have other distinguishing features - bristles and bristles - researchers concluded that rhaxis, more likely, developed later by evolution of other distinguishing features.
The structure of feathers leads to the conclusion that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. Researchers have assumed that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample presented adult feathers, not feathers of
Researchers have suggested that despite the fact that this is a tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not feathers of a chick.
Last night, at the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey), a car was set on fire, killing 2 policemen and injuring more than 20 people.
The office of the governor reported that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
The police said that the suspected militant of Daesh (ISIS) was involved in the attack.
They found that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that the activity of all stars in the system is determined by their brightness, rotation, and nothing else." #
The total luminosity and rotation is used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The smaller the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in the direction of magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki often got into trouble during his journey.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from the wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both frequencies – 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure its backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has a dual receiver.
802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with maximum theoretical bandwidth of 600 Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two grown-up children, did not impress Miller, who was told this story.
When asked to comment, he said: "Mike is a talker, so I was prepared to listen to what he had to say.
We will take steps to significantly reduce the amount of CO2 emitted per unit of GDP by 2020 compared to 2005 levels", said Hu.
He did not name the figure for cuts in budgets, saying that they will be made on the basis of the performance of the Chinese economy.
Hu urged developing countries to avoid the old scheme, in which they pollute first, and then clean.
But they should not be asked to take on obligations beyond their stage of development, responsibility and ability.
Today at 12:00 GMT, the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan for action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious violence, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the policy towards the Middle East.
The report contains a sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current government's policy towards Iraq and a call for immediate change of course.
The first among 78 recommendations is that we should implement a new diplomatic initiative by the end of this year to strengthen Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention, and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbours.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs.Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency of the Argentine theater, in the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the cost of providing material support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal" by President Bush.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that the contracts for the repair works were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people traveled to Rome to attend the funerals.
The number of people present was so great that not all could get into the square where the funerals were taking place.
In different parts of Rome large television screens were installed, so that people could watch the ceremony.
Like these platforms, which was visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past policy of the FBI for the fact that it allocated a large part of resources to cases that are easy to solve, especially on cases of theft of cars, in order to increase the level of success of the
Congress began funding the initiative to combat pornography in 2005 tax year and set that the FBI would allocate 10 agents to combat adult pornography.
Robin Uthamapada scored the highest number of runs in an innings: 70 runs in 41 deliveries, dealt 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle-distance strikers Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid performed well and earned a score of 100 in tandem.
However, after the loss of the gate captain India completed only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for completing innings.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on November 16, beginning his week-long tour of Asia.
His welcome was Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats in the mid-term elections, Bush announced that the US would expand trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for consideration in the second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party (NDP) Jack Lay
On the meeting with the Prime Minister, the Labour leader asked to change the bill and "completely rewrite" the Conservatives' environmental bill.
Ever since the Federal Government intervened and took on the financing of the hospital of Mercy in Devonport (Tasmania), the Government of Tasmania and some members of the Federal Parliament criticized this action as a ruse in the preparations for federal elections which
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that it was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the government of Tasmania by means of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest data, the level of the sea indicated the approach of a tsunami. Seismic activity was recorded near Pahoa and Niue.
From Tonga there have not been any reports of serious damages or casualties, but there has been a temporary power outage, which, according to the information available, did not allow the Tongan authorities to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center
Thirteen schools on the Hawaiian Islands, located near the coast or near it, were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of warnings.
President George Bush welcomed this statement.
The spokesman for the Bush administration, Gordon Johndroe, said North Korea’s promise to dismantle its nuclear program was a “major step in the process of achieving verifiable disarmament on the Korean Peninsula.”
Today, a subtropical cyclone named Jerry has formed in the Atlantic Ocean, it is the tenth named storm of the Atlantic hurricane season.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at the moment, Hurricane Jerry is not a threat to land.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded to the waist during Hurricane Katrina, is now covered by water because the dam, which is nearby, was not high enough to hold the water.
Water pours over the dam on a 100 ft. stretch.
Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment in the removals in his conversation with Wikinews last month.
He [Wales] lied to us from the start. Firstly, acting as if it was necessary to do so because of legal reasons. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images.
Public outrage led to the development of a regulation regarding sexually explicit content for this website, which contains millions of media files with an open license.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to imitate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect sought by the team can be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way." #
As the Moon attracts the Earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way affect the galaxy in the Sign of the Scorpion." #
Scientists have concluded that dark matter affects dark matter in the same way as it does with ordinary matter.
According to this theory, much of the dark matter around the galaxy is located in a ring and consists of a large number of small particles
In the news reports on TV, it is reported that white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station to remain in their rooms, to turn off the air conditioners and not drink water from the tap." #
According to the Nuclear Management of Japan, at the plant were found radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities assume that this indicates a possible leak and rupture in the containers on site with uranium fuel.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll found XDR-TB with exceptional resistance to treatment. 
He said that the new strain of the virus was very dangerous because it caused a very high mortality rate.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were healthcare workers in the hospital.
In one year, an infected person can infect up to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of patients with TB remains low; 6000 out of 330 000 infected in the current moment in South Africa.
Satellites, each of which was heavier than one thousand pounds and moved at a speed of approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion caused by the collision was very powerful.
They still try to determine how large the collision was and how much damage will be done to the Earth.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is looking for the remains of the plane.
The results of the analysis of the graphs will be published on an open access website.
The charge of murder in the first degree will be brought against the physician who worked in the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, after Wednesday her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car, state authorities in Ohio.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found in Blue Ash (Ohio), a suburb of Cincinnati, about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He lay on the ground next to the road in a t-shirt and underwear and,
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found the body of 53-year-old Saroj Balasubramanian covered with bloody sheets.
Police said that the body, most likely, was there around the day.
The first cases of disease in this season was reported in July.
Transmitters are swine, from which the disease is transmitted through mosquitoes, and then to the human.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as the installation of traps for cattle in seriously affected areas, the distribution of thousands of mosquito nets and
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines to the most affected areas in this year were postponed because of the lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Slane moved to Sweden, where three years later he began working for the Swedish Postal Company, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1,000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detailing that he is one of the few "generic names" among philatelists. Some specialize only in collecting his
His magnificent thousand-mark of the year 2000 reproduces the "Great Deeds of the Swedish Kings" by David-Clecker Ernstral, it has been entered into the Guinness World
In addition, he was engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his work — portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada denominated 5
After the accident Gibson was taken to the hospital, but soon died.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The car was removed from the scene of the accident on the same day about 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage near the place where the accident occurred said: "There were children waiting to cross the road. All of them screamed and cried.
Everyone ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda at Bali include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technologies to help developing countries with lower environmental impact.
The United Nations hopes to complete the creation of a fund to help countries suffering from global warming, to combat its effects.
These funds can go to the construction of houses that are resistant to floods, water resource management and diversification of crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to silence women about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion because of numerous positive comments and support she received from both women and men, who said that contraceptives should be considered as a medical necessity.
When the fight ended, after the wounded were taken to the hospital, there were still 40 prisoners left in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to correct the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are still unclear.
Fire broke out between 10:00 and 11:00 pm in the yard of the prisoners.
In a short time, guards in protective gear went into the yard and locked the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
The fire was extinguished by the fire brigade at 23:35.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that spread the deposits stopped.
This sediment was required for the formation of beaches and pebble beaches, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two kinds of fish, including the toothed goby, and two other, including the toothed goby, were put at risk of extinction." #
While the water level will rise only a few feet, officials hope that this will be enough to restore washed out sandbars below the river.
There were no tsunami warnings and according to a Jakarta geophysical agency, there will be no tsunami, as the magnitude of the earthquake was not reached 6.5.
Despite the lack of tsunami threat, residents began to panic and leave their companies and homes.
While Whitney was ready to shed a tear during her farewell, she gave her fans a hint that she would return.
It will not be a farewell. It is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia, the acting president, Mr. H. P. Hamafuane, was re-elected with a
The ruling party of the Organization of the Peoples of the South‐West African States (SWAPO) also retained its majority in parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan forces advanced to the area to protect the object, and another plane was sent to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is believed that it was the result of enemy fire.
The attempts to find the crash site are hampered by bad weather conditions and difficult terrain.
The Mangola Medical Charitable Organization, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization said it was the strongest outbreak in the history of the country.
The representative of the organization "Doctors without Borders" Richard Winman said: "Angola is heading for its worst outbreak in years, and the situation in Angola
The matches began at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not counting the drizzling morning rain, which quickly passed, it was an ideal day for rugby-7.
The South Africans started the tournament with a correct note, when they won 26-00 over Zimbabwe, which is currently ranked 5th.
Looking clearly worse in the game against his southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved its performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defence, mastery of the ball and excellent teamwork, and it was clear that to beat this team was not easy.
Official representatives of the authorities of Amsterdam and Anne Frank Museum state that the tree is infected with a fungus and has a direct threat of falling, because there is a
His plan was to be cut on Tuesday, but by a special court order it was kept.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were called "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100-250 meters (328-820 feet).
According to infrared images, the night and day temperatures tell us that it is most likely caves.
They are colder than the surrounding surface, and at night they are warmer.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of the large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they correspond to the deep pits in the ground, - said Glenn Cushing from the Department of Planetary Geology of the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted by low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in a booth and places a previously printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate to be voted for, in a sealed envelope.
After the officials verify the identity of the voter, he drops the envelope into the ballot box and signs in the voters register.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification.
From 1988, the ballot boxes shall be transparent, so that voters and observers could verify that the beginning of voting inside there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes added, other than envelopes of those people who were allowed to participate in voting and their votes were properly counted.
Candidates can send their representatives to monitor the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision according to a special procedure.
The Eee PC series, previously presented in all of the world with an orientation towards such factors as cost savings and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market of notebooks will change radically after the award of the company ASUS with the Taiwanese government's Honorary Award for stability in the
The website of the station describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted vision!".
In the beginning of its existence, this show was broadcasted only on the website of an online radio TogiNet Radio dedicated to radio conversations.
In the end of 2015, TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
In the beginning, the show was acted by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, mass looting continued all night because there were no policemen on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being in a state of anarchic chaos, since groups of people ran through the streets and robbed shops with consumer
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of being illegitimate.
South Africa beat "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three Nations Cup of rugby union at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rust
The final score was a one point victory, 21-20, which ended the All Blacks' winning streak in 15 games.
Spingbox" has broken a five-match losing streak.
This match was the last for "All Blues", who had already won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be played in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the following week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north of Dilltown and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Broughton.
It was confirmed that the H5N1 avian flu strain, fatal for humans, was found in a dead wild duck found on Monday in the swamp near Leon in eastern
France is the seventh country in the EU to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Cumbers sued God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
Agnostic Hume asserts that his suit is "merely frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone.
A story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, tells of a painter who is "driven by love of drugs and Japan.
In the end, the actors smoke joints with marijuana on stage, and the theater encourages the public to join.
Former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich, Governor of Texas Rick Perry and Congressman Michael Bachmann ranked fourth, fifth and sixth respectively." #
After the results were known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but bluntly criticized Romney, for whom negative information was being broadcast in Iowa.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today's party convention and determine whether or not I should continue the race, but later said he would continue the race and be participating in the preliminary elections in South Carolina on January 21.
Bazman, who won in the August poll in the city Ames, decided to end his campaign.
Photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he later died.
According to the reports he was 20 to 30 years old. In his statement Bieber said: "I was not present at the tragic incident and not involved directly in it, my thoughts and prayers with the family of the victims.
A website called TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police stopping traffic, before he crossed the street and continued. The police officer who stopped traffic twice had to order him to cross back over.
According to police reports, the driver of the car that hit the photographer, is likely to not be charged with a criminal case.
Given the fact that in one day you could win only eighteen medals, some countries were not able to be crowned with the podium.
They include Netherlands with Anne Jochumsen, who finished ninth in the women's super giant slalom yesterday, and Finland with Kaisa Saarinen, who finished tenth in the same event.
Australian Mitch Gurley came to the finish line eleventh in the men's super-G race for men in the class "standing". Czech Oleg Elinek came to the finish line sixteenth in the men'
Aly Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the super giant standing position. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the super giant standing position.
Poland's blind skier Maciej Krezel and the athlete-leader Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the super giant among men in the sitting position.
UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010 are accused of spreading a disease that began nearby their military camp.
As the suit says, the waste from the UN camp did not pass proper sanitation, resulting in the bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of the largest in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops of the state of Haiti, the disease was not encountered with problems, which concern this disease, from the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy cited an independent study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti unintentionally brought disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, an expert on the disease, said that the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the Howard University Hospital in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of infection with the Ebola virus have been reported.
The hospital was followed by infection control protocols, including separate patient care to prevent possible infection of other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on various positions on several shows.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as Taxi, "Funny Company" and "The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, with Brooks and Groening, he helped create "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for this series.
Despite leaving the show in 1993, he remained the executive producer and still received paychecks of tens of millions of dollars.
China's Xinhua news agency reported on September 5 that the plane had been stolen.
Later, it was reported that a bomb threat had been received on the plane and it was re-routed back to Afghanistan, landing in Kandahar.
In early reports, the plane was returned to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air accidents are a common occurrence in Iran, where the country's aging air fleet is poorly maintained for civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of obtaining new aircraft.
A few days ago, in the aftermath of a police helicopter crash, three people were killed and three others were injured.
Last year in Iran, the worst air disaster in years occurred when a plane carrying 168 people from Armenia crashed, killing all on board.
In the same month, another plane crashed out of the runway in Deh-e Qāī and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
The rock band was supposed to tour the USA and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after the lead singer Steve Tyler was injured during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving for the match.
Del Potro had a 5-2 lead in the second set, but the tie-break was required after the score was 6-6.
At the moment Potro was given first aid for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The program started at 8:30 pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country sang bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanjee Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chaudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan also. He was accompanied by
Lakh Singh took the lead in singing bhajans.
Grandmother Shyama were presented 108 chappan bhog (in Hinduism — 56 different dishes, including sweets, fruits, nuts and other dishes, presented to the god
Lakkha Singh sang the bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bha
President Nintendo Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new game console Nintendo Revolution at the "Tokyo Game Show" main presentation on Thursday
In the controller that looks like a TV remote, there are two sensors located next to the TV user, which use which calculates his position in three-dimensional space.
By moving the device in the air, players will be able to control the actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader of the race for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right rear wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso in the result of damage to the suspension, received during numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings", he said, referring to the press conference transcript.
I was completely sincere every time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after launch, the main compartment camera showed how many pieces of insulating foam flew from the fuel tank.
However, it is assumed that they did not inflict any damage to the spacecraft.
The head of the shuttle program at NASA, Neil A. Walsh, Jr., said the foam came off "after a period of time that causes our concern.
Five minutes before the show began, the wind increased, and within minutes it reached speeds of 70 mph. Then the rain began, so heavy and large, as if you were being struck by needles, and then the sky began to rain hail, people were screaming and bumping into each other." #
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two wheelchair-bound people, people just jumped over them and pushed them," said Arman Versace.
NHK also said that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in the prefecture of Niigata, was operating as normal.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. announced that there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that the reactors No 1 and No 2 on its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped." #
According to the report, about 9400 homes in the area were without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas railway services have been disrupted and the airport in Ishikawa prefecture is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the general-governor.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings during the two hours.
According to some reports, the official figure of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals that died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and melamine
Researchers at the University of Utah reported that these two compounds form crystals that can block the function of the kidneys.
In the study, researchers found crystals of calcium oxalate and urine in cats when adding cyanocobalamin and urine." #
In the course of the comparison using infrared Fourier-transform spectroscopy it was found that the crystal structure of these crystals corresponds
I do not know whether you realize it or not, but a large part of the goods from Central America was imported into this country without paying
However, eighty percent of our goods were subject to duties according to the tariffs in Central America.
It didn't seem to me to be having any meaning; of course it wasn't fair.
I tell people that you will be treated as you treat others.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law banning the sale or rental of video games that use violence against minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence sold in the State of California with a sticker on which is written "18", and that sale of games to minors is punished with a fine of $1000 for each violation.
Today, the Prosecutor-General of the United Kingdom, Sir Kier Starmer, has announced that he is investigating the case against both Henry and Price.
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Minister Norman Lamb will replace him.
Hyun and Price must appear before the Magistrates' Court in Westminster on February 16.
Nicholas Alder, 25 years old, and Zacharie Caddeback, 21 years old, were killed.
Edgar Veglilla received injuries to his hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
The weapon of the Uki failed when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, his head is missing, his face is reconstructed with titan
Schneider gave his testimony via video link from the US Air Force base in Germany.
In addition to the competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter took part in two individual races at the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in the first race which she did not reach the finish line. 36 of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the position seated with combined time 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 slower than the ninth-placed
Four skiers in the women's sitting group could not finish their runs, and 45 of 117 skiers in giant slalom could not finish their races.
The police in Madhya Pradesh state have returned the laptop and mobile phone stolen.
Assistant General Inspector D. K. Arya stated: "We arrested five people who raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The defendants have names, such as Baba Kandjar, Bhoot Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Vishnu Kandjar.
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanka said that the defendants were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although inside the building at the time of the crash, there were three people, no one was injured.
But the driver suffered serious head injuries.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed, until the emergency services released the driver of the red Audi TT.
Originally he was hospitalized at the James Pedegree Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
In the future he was transferred to the hospital Addenbrooke in Cambridge.
In the aftermath of the murder, the Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adequa with murdering her son.
She is in custody awaiting the prosecution and the trial, but any evidence of her popularity can be distorted, as her popularity was widely used by the media.
It is a usual practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish justice system works differently, and courts found the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson from the University of Dundee notes that "journalists, it seems, are indeed walking dangerously, publishing photos and other information about suspects.
The Royal Court of Justice, which is responsible for prosecuting criminals, said that no further comments would be made at least until the verdict is handed down.
A document, according to a leak, will deal with the dispute over the borders that the Palestinians want to establish on the basis of those that existed before the start of the Six-Day War
Other topics of interest include the future status of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both the peoples, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for the next ten years, while the PLO agrees to a five-year presence.
The archers who took part in the additional test on pest control had to be under close watch by rangers because this test was being monitored and evaluated.
In the framework of the partnership between NPWS and the NSW Association of Sporting Shooters (NSW) during the hunting program of the Association qualified volunteers were recruited.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Department of Parks and Heritage, four hunters selected for the first shooting operation, have undergone a comprehensive training and safety training.
Marthei yesterday appointed a new Interim Electoral Council (IES), consisting of nine members.
This is the fifth CEP Marchetti for the past four years.
Last month the Presidential Commission recommended the previous Temporary Election Council to resign as part of the package of measures for the country to move towards new elections.
The Commission was a response to the mass protests against the state regime that began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the failure to hold elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPods, resulting in six fires and four people received minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week the Ministry of Economy, Labor and Industry announced that Apple informed it of 34 additional cases of overheating that the company called "minor."" #
In response, the Ministry of Education said it was "very regrettable".
At 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a magnitude 7.0 earthquake struck in Mariana.
Northern Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said that there were no reports of damage caused by the disaster.
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there were no signs of a tsunami.
Former Philippine police officer hijacked a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza shot his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six hostages were rescued, and at least six were declared dead at this time.
Five hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took their place at the old woman, because she had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was shot." #
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and became a doctor.
He received a medical degree and began working at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When he was working in the hospital, he began to investigate cases of premature birth.
His study found that if you inject the hormone, it will increase the development of lungs in the fetus." #
As reported by Xinhua, on Wednesday, the government investigators found two flight recorders or, in other words,
The wrestling colleagues also paid tribute to the Moon.
Tommi Drimmer: "The Moon became the first Extreme Queen. She was my first manager. The Moon died in the night of two moons. It's such an unusual event as well as she herself. A strong woman.
Dustin "Gault" Rannels said: "The moon was as crazy as I was... Maybe even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place.
Of the 1400 people surveyed in the run-up to federal elections in 2010, the number of those who oppose the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008.
The acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of those surveyed share this view and want the Queen Elizabeth II to become the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29 percent of respondents are confident that Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent think that it does not need this form of statehood.
Olympic gold medallist was supposed to participate in the 100- and 200m freestyle swim and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He could not take the painkillers because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the Central Missouri University, 25 January, opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that a few people confirmed this opening by using different hardware and software.
Cosmic comets may have been the source of water delivery to the Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that may form proteins and sustain life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how Earth formed, because comets collided with it very long ago.
53-year-old Kumono signed the bill legalizing same-sex marriage in July.
He called these rumors "political chatter and foolishness.
It is expected that he will run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration, will allow planes to fly on reduced routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, as well as reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground-based radars, which will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
To Wembley is not launched additional transport, there will not be stopped on-road trains, apart from that, there are no parking and pick-up parking.
Fears about the lack of transport caused the assumption that the game may have to be held behind closed doors without fans.
In the description of the study published in Thursday's Science, it is said that a new species of birds has been discovered on the Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) reported that due to the mating of the endemic sparrow Darwin (Geospiza fortes) with the transplanted cactus sparrow (Geospiza conirostris), a new species e
Gold can be molded into any shape. It can be rolled into very small shapes.
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be worked into a scroll or rolled into rolls.
One can make it very thin and attach it to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used for decoration on hand-painted illustrations in books - the so-called "face-painted manuscript.
It is called pH of a chemical substance. You can make a pH indicator by using the juice of red cabbage.
Tomato juice changes color depending on the acidity or alkalinity of the chemical substance.
The pH-value is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H) in the chemical substance being studied.
Ions of hydrogen are protons, separated from their electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
Get a new mixture by mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and make a ball out of this mixture." #
Water on your hands will enter into a reaction with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a kind of shell.
In almost every house in the cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro there was a toilet with a flush connected to a complex
The remains of sewer systems have been found in the houses of Minoan cities on the islands of Crete and Santorini in Greece
Toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed together
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
A satellite in space receives a call and practically instantly reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the atmosphere of Earth in some way distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space it is necessary to use a giant rocket with a height of more than 100 feet.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing that the wheel has done for us, — gave us much more light and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, a car and many other transport vehicles.
Under them are more medium-sized cats that eat small game from rabbits to antelope and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats), eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret of their success is the niche concept, a special work that each cat performs, which keeps it from competition with other.
Lions are the most social of all cats, living in large groups called prides.
The pride consists of one to three adult males, in close kinship, and females and offspring, the number of which may reach thirty.
The females usually live together in the same family and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions' herds behave very much like packs of wolves or dogs — animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a well-developed athlete, tiger can climb trees (although not very well), swim, jump on long distances and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same genus (Panthera), as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger's roar is not like a full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a babbling of unintelligible words.
Orcas love to eat small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds. Almost all the animals that the orca hunts are much smaller than him.
The scientists believe that the otters follow the trail of animals and find their prey by smell, tracking their movements on the ground.
They are able to see well in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable move about. They track prey, blending in with the surroundings, and then attack prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island, from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than that in which they were previously.
This new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes, compared to those that it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed much — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, as the new population adapts to the new environment, it becomes less and less like the rest of the population.
Over time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that it is the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, which is the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential consequence and a very significant part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that the human breathes and absorb carbon dioxide that the human exhales.
Plants feed on the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
Mosaic was the most fearsome predator of his time, so he didn't fear anyone but other mosaics.
His long jaws were covered with more than 70 sharp teeth, as well as a set of additional teeth on the tongue, so that those who met him were not saved.
We don’t know for sure, but it is possible that his tongue was split in two. He ate crocodiles, large fish, other crustaceans, and he could
He also attacked everything that entered water; even the giant dinosaur, such as Tyrannosaurus, could not compare with him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes that were served during banquets. For example, the boar, the peacock, the snail and the so-called mole." #
There was another difference: while the poor people ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to organize joint feasts, during which they ate lying on their sides.
The Romans' diet could not include products that were imported into Europe from America or Asia in the following centuries.
In particular, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had ever tasted beef.
Babylonians built each god a temple, which was considered the dwelling place of the god.
People made sacrifices to the gods, and priests tried to please the gods on rituals and festivals.
Every temple had an open courtyard and an inner sanctuary, which could be entered only by priests.
Sometimes the temples were built with special towers in the form of pyramids called "Ziggurats".
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not of great importance.
Most of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women were preparing in the courtyard; the shops were open stalls, which were going out to the street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
On the land of Canaan there were no large forests, so wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the Scandinavian sagas are told about the expulsion of Eric the Red from Iceland for murder, and moving further west, he opened Greenland and gave it the name
But regardless of his discovery, at that time there already lived the Eskimos.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, the rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you watched the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you may think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence depicted a map of treasure.
But that is not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, it is not a treasure map.
The Declaration of Independence reads: "This Declaration of Independence was adopted by the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts on the fourth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document was folded for easier storage.
In that case, it is quite likely that the item was added simply as a note.
In the operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated, but the south of France was not yet liberated.
He was under the control of the Vichy French. These French, who signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940, worked together with the occupiers instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The operation was named "Dragon
In just two weeks, the Free French and the Americans liberated southern France and headed for Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the inhabitants of which are a relatively large number of people, living and working together, society.
The word civilization comes from the Latin civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen", and civitas, meaning "city" or "city-state." It also expresses the size
Cities-states are precursors of nations. Civilizational culture means passing knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable cultural heritage.
Small cultures often disappear, leaving no historical evidence, and so cannot be recognized as authentic civilizations.
In the American War of Independence, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
There was no congressional authority to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial power, Congress relied on the states, who often refused to cooperate and not enforce all its acts.
He also did not have the authority to override state tax laws and tariffs.
To amend the articles, according to the articles, requires unanimous approval of all states, but the states have so irresponsibly approached the central government, that their representative
Italian national football team, along with German, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup ФИФА." # # # # #
In popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, motorsport, Formula One.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In Japan there are about 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hoku), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of their membership to a cluster/group of islands, Japan is often referred to geographically as an archipelago.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in the southwest of Taiwan, which initiated the transformation of the native methods of grain production and hired Chinese workers to work on their rice and
In 1683, the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire.
In 1895, after the defeat in the Japanese-Chinese war (1894-1895), the Chinese government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, whereby it ceded the rights to Taiwan to Japan, which
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely the Inca Temple of the Sun, the Three Windows Room, and the Inca Gate.
Most of the buildings on the edge of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a more accurate view of how they looked originally.
By 1976, 30% of Machu Picchu was restored. The restoration work continues to this day.
For example, the most common format for static photos is 35 mm, and this size was the dominant size of film on the autumn of the analog era.
It is still made today, but more important is that the aspect ratio of the images taken with digital cameras has been inherited.
The 35-mm format is a little confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into twelve, so that the ratio is small in whole numbers.
Many common formats (like the APS format) are close to these proportions.
Used too often and often mocked, the third rule is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while maintaining a certain degree of order in the image.
It says that the best place to place the main object is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see example
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which became rich and powerful, was the object of intense scrutiny.
Christianity has united European states despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her omnipresent power touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to relieve suffering and poverty, and that the church’s money exists for this purpose.
The center of the church's power was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and such concentration of power and wealth led to the fact that many doubted whether this dogma was being observed." #
In a short time after the start of the military operations Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven to be effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated all international laws, laid down in several international agreements over the past two centuries.
Britain has detonated international waters to prevent ships from entering whole sectors of the oceans, and even neutral ships are threatened.
Because the reaction to this tactic was cautious, Germany expected such a reaction on its unrestricted submarine operations.
In the 1920's, among the majority of citizens and nations, there were such attitudes as pacifism and isolation.
After the First World War, states wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted the offer to work in the company Edison in New York City.
He came to the United States with four cents in his pocket, a poem by Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison.
In ancient China, they used a unique way of denoting periods of time; each stage of China or each family in power was a special dynasty.
In addition, there was a period of civil war and instability between the reigns of each dynasty. The most famous of these was the Three Kingdoms period, which lasted for 60 years during
In this period there were fierce battles between many noblemen, fighting for the throne.
The era of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in the great palace in Xian." #
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of a metre system, the shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, and
Also after the Revolution opened up opportunities for work for all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because ranks have been based on qualities, not on the origin of the individual.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that did not relate to mundane life. He often visited the cave known as Hira on the mountain "Nûr" (light) for contemplation
And the cave which is standing up to nowadays, very vividly tells us about the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located at the top of the mountain to the north of Mecca, and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to detect even to the person who knows of its existence. In the cave the man is isolated from the outside world.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above you and a multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world." #
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World that still exists today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century A.D. and is one of many great pyramidal structures built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
Giza Plateau, or the Necropolis of Giza, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was built in honor of the Pharaoh Cheops, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honor of his wives and relatives.
The movement of the hammer's screw upward looks like a V, and the movement of the hammer's screw downward looks like a square without a bottom.
Up" means you should start with the tip and move the bow forward, and "down" means you should start with where your hand holds the bow and move it back.
The upward movement of the bridge produces a softer sound, while the downward movement produces a stronger and more forceful sound.
You can draw your own brush strokes but remember that the brush strokes are printed for musical reasons, and they usually follow.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowds of women from the market forced the return of the King Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King Madame Elisabeth
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd of people forced the King and Queen to widen their windows.
One of the participants in the crowd waved his hand to the guard killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified queen.
The expenditures of American imperialism on the conquest of the Philippines paid by the Filipinos.
They had to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and the interest on the bonds that were moved by the government of the Philippines through banks in Wall
Of course, the profits brought by the long exploitation of the Filipinos constituted the main income of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The period in which these events took place is called High Middle Ages, a period of European history that covers the period from 1000 to 1300 years (1000–1300 years).
High Middle Ages replaced earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that covers a wide range of practical ideas, from the technical progress or technological imperative to a strict point of view that fates people are driven by the fundamental logic of science and its manifestation in technologies." #
Many of the views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own
For example, it could be said that the car is an essential cause of the development of roads.
However, the national road network is economically unprofitable only for a small group of cars, so new methods of production are being developed to lower the cost of ownership of a car.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received on the road.
Romanticism was in many ways a cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of romanticism, geography formed people, and over time, there were associated with it customs and culture, which were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris is considered the capital of fashion of the modern world, so Constantinople was considered the capital of fashion in the times of feudal Europe.
His fame as a centre of luxury spread about 400 B.C. and continued until about 1100 AD.
His status fell during the 12th century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than those offered on the Byzantine markets.
At this moment and the title of the Capital of Fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak in the period between the 9th and 14th century.
The clothes were under the influence of Byzantine culture on the east.
However, due to slow communication channels, styles in the West may lag by 25-30 years.
The development of own styles in Western Europe began in the Middle Ages. One of the greatest achievements of that time was the use of buttons to fasten clothes.
Organic agriculture is a farming that produces enough food for the farmer and his/her family.
Organic farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds from the ecosystem in which they grow, along with the use of rotational grazing and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, most farmers were engaged in agriculture for subsistence, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people who feel marginalized by the standards of society and allow them to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of the people from which it is composed.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
A subculture often claims to be part of a certain style through a symbolic and symbolic use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to illustrate several tragic cases where children were not able to contact with adults during their adulthood.
Those children are called "wild" or "unruly". Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such an abandonment of their child was the result of not accepting their child
Children living on the streets, perhaps, have experienced severe forms of violence or injury before they fled or were abandoned.
Some of them were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild.
If he is completely raised by animals instead of people, a wild child displays the same behavior (in physical limitations) in almost all like the specific one raised him — for example, his fear or indifference to people.
At the same time, project-based education should be more simple and interesting, flipped learning is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be as virtual, as well as real. In other words, your teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual Scaffolding, helping in learning, is embedded in the software and designed to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, with which the learner, perhaps, would be too difficult to cope alone.
Children are often transferred to foster care for a variety of reasons: from abandonment to cruelty and even extortion." #
Children should not grow up in a situation where they are not provided with education, care and education, but they grow.
We consider the system of foster care safe for children.
Our system of care should provide safe housing, loving parents, stable education and reliable health care.
Patronage education should provide all the needs, which were lacking in the house, where they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The distinctive features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
So, it was suggested that "learning" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al.,
Personal involvement" and "long-term contact" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people respond to web sites
The use of videotape led to important discoveries in the field of interpretation of microexpressions — the movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to determine whether the person lies, by correctly interpreting his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people who have suffered brain damage cannot understand speech, but they can correctly assess the sincerity of the
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, such as domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the 20th century showed that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the range of manifested variations.
Segregation and recombination with each generation re-distribute the variations between two pools.
In the savanna, the primates with such digestive systems as ours are hard-pressed to meet their amino acid needs through the available plant resources.
In addition, failure to meet this will lead to such serious consequences as slowing growth, malnutrition and, in the end, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as we are, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, animal-based food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also represents a rich source of proteins, containing all the essential amino acids
Taking into account all that has been said, one should not be surprised that our ancestors decided the “protein problem” in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna do
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional awakening during the normal sleep and re-sleeping within a short time (10-60 minutes).
It is easy to make this happen with a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and yet not completely wake you up.
If you find out that you resetting your alarm while you are asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room so you will have to get up to turn it off." #
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (in particular, water or tea known as a diuretic) before bedtime, which causes the person to get up to urinate.
The quantity of inner peace of the person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present in you. Everyone has the potential to attain absolute peace and satisfaction.
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it was supplemented by the Mahayana path of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-consuming love.
Kundalini energy (the energy of enlightenment) in Kundalini yoga is awakened through postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualization.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of the Deities. By visualizing various Deities, the channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the consciousness is enlightened.
Germany was a common enemy in the Second World War, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the end of the war, the differences regarding the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and the Cold War began.
She had to last for 40 years. In it, they fought in real life, using indirect armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places in the world.
On 17 September 1939, the Polish defence was already breached, and the only hope was retreat and reorganization along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet Red Army soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of the Eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Agreement, the Soviet-Polish Pact of Non-Aggression, and other
The use of ships for the transportation of goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and cargo through the seas.
Work of seafarers traditionally consists of ensuring the country’s ability to move its people and goods, and at the same time preventing the enemy’s ability to move its people and goods.
One of the most interesting recent examples of this was the company in the North Atlantic during World War II. Americans tried to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German navy, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the Allies had failed to defeat Hitler, Germany, more likely than not, could have conquered Britain as well as other countries in Europe.
Goats, it is believed, were domesticated about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to leave them to have milk, wool, meat, and skin.
Home goats, as a rule, were kept in herds that wandered around the hills or other places of grazing, which often was watched by the shepherds, who were usually children or teenagers, which is similar to more common activities of the shepherd. These methods of
The roads for carriages were built in England in the 16th century.
While mule-drawn roads were merely laid parallel to the boards of wood, they allowed horses to carry heavier loads and faster than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Slabs were used quite a long time to hold rails in place. However, it became clear that the tracks were more effective when laid with a layer of iron on top.
This is the accepted practice, but iron led to greater wear on wooden wheels of wagons.
Over time, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transportation was walking, people began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (meaning a straight man).
For their ancestors of the Australopithecus, walking upright was not as natural as it is for us.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can start living, more concerned about the environment. We can become members of the environmental movement and even be activists to at least a little ease the suffering of the future.
This is often like treating the symptoms. If we need a temporary fix, we need to find the root cause and fix it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the progress of science and technology of mankind, and because of the overpopulation and extravagant way of life of people,
After the Congress approved the 4th of July, the manuscript version, signed by the Chairman of the Congress John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thompson, was sent out in a few weeks to the
In the night, 150–200 copies of the "Dunlop leaflets" were made, now known as "flyers Dunlop".
The first reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the front yard of Independence Hall on July 8th.
On July 6, one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. The copy arrived in London 10 August.
25 copies of Danley's Dandy, known to the present day, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original manuscript copy has not reached us.
Today many paleontologists believe that one of the dinosaur groups survived and survived to our day. We call them birds.
Often they are not considered dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there is much to be said about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and clawed feet, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a T-Rex.
Almost all computers that are used today are based on information processing that is encoded in binary.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
It may be difficult to diagnose oral poisoning at once. Such symptoms as vomiting are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container of medicine or toxic household chemical.
Read the label, where you will find special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to designate a group of insects.
This concept comes from the ancient times of bed bugs – insects, well adapted to parasitism on man.
And scavengers, and bed bugs are egg-laying species, adapted to life in the nest or dwelling of their owner.
In the United States, there are approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making MS the main neurological disease of young people and middle-
Multiple sclerosis is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord and the optic nerve.
The research showed that women are more likely to suffer from multiple sclerosis than men.
The couple may decide that raising the child is not in their interests or the interests of their child.
These couples can choose to create a plan of adoption for their child.
In adoption or foster care, biological parents refuse to give up their parental rights in order to give another couple the opportunity to adopt a child.
The main goal of science is to find out how the world is made, by applying the scientific method. This method is essentially the basis of most scientific research.
However, he is not the only one. Scientific research also follows experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and conducting observations.
Naturalist and philosophers concentrated their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific subjects, including psychology, were accepted the views of Aristotle.
As the Greek language deteriorated, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are often to a large extent dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not simply a reaction to external periodic stimuli, have been recorded by most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue autonomous cycles for a period of time even without external stimuli.
Experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is a genetic material.
The worms with Chase implanted their DNA into the bacteria with the help of phages, that is, viruses.
They performed two experiments, labeling radioactive phosphorus with DNA from the phage and radioactive iodine with DNA from the phage.
Mutations can cause a great variety of results depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germ line can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Natural tourism is interesting for those who love to travel to the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the list of examples of active leisure on the object - hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and studying information about the ecosystem.
An example of this is the visit, photographing and studying orang utans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to work, and by their side pass those whose place of work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in some way is connected with the system of transport based on personal cars, and supports it.
At present, science indicates that the enormous oil economy has influenced one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported evolution for the past two million years.
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why do the transport systems get so many complaints, why they are constantly breaking down? Is it because the engineers are incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental going on?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out in the framework of the study of traffic flows.
It is unfortunately difficult to study the intensity of traffic, because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver with 100% certainty.
Fortunately, drivers' behavior is often quite systematic; thus, the overall flow of traffic can be approximated mathematically.
To better represent the transport flow, relationships were established between three main quantities: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, design and operation of railway objects.
The insects were the first animals to rise in the air. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
The majority of insects have the ability to fold their wings along the body, which gives them an advantage.
It provides them with more secluded places to hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, a man named Aristarchus said that the Solar System revolves around the Sun.
Many thought he was right, but many believed the opposite: that the solar system revolves around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars).
It seems to be a sensible idea, because we do not feel that the Earth is moving, do you not?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first in terms of volume. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on Earth, its width sometimes reaching six miles.
20 per cent of the water that comes from rivers of our planet to the oceans flows from the Amazon.
The main river of the Amazon has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
 Despite the fact that the construction of the pyramids of stone lasted until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids of Giza has not been surpassed." #
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians were amazed by monuments created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of Vatican City is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the country with the smallest population.
In the Vatican, the Italian language is used in legislation and official communications.
Italian language is also a daily language for most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
People from ancient times were known the basic chemical elements such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easy to obtain with primitive tools.
Philosopher Aristotle believed that everything consists of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. This was land, water, air and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also assumed that they transition into a new state, so that we see what we see.
Composites are mixtures of two or more metals. Remember that in the periodic table there are many elements.
Metals such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals such as silver and gold.
You can also make alloys that contain a small amount of such non-metallic elements as carbon.
Everything in the universe consists of matter. All matter consists of atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them can fit on the period at the end of this sentence.
So, pencil became a good friend for many people when it appeared.
It sad that when new ways of writing, pen lost its former status and they were less used.
Now people are writing messages on screens, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
You can only guess what will happen to the keyboard, with the advent of more new technologies.
The atomic bomb works on the principle that for a large number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, energy is required
Approximately as you would push a heavy cart up a hill. Then the second splitting of the nucleus releases some of this
Some atoms have a non-stable nucleus, which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence.
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents.
It’s thinner under the moon’s seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side, there may be more moon seas, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to
Content theories are focused on finding what makes people act or might interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate within the process of maturation.
These theories are concerned with what makes people want to do what they do, and what their surroundings makes them do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories of content — the "Pyramid of needs" and "Two-factor theory of motivation Herzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can be observed when managers start to lead people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is trying to remain "his boy" (or girl)." #
This manager is difficult to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate results of work, distribute responsibilities and to bring employees to responsibility.
On the other end of the spectrum, he becomes an unrecognizable individual, who feels he must change everything that the team did, and take it for himself.
Because the leader ultimately bears the responsibility for success or failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to conflicts between leaders and other team members.
Virtual commands follow the same standards of skill as normal commands, but there are some minor differences.
Virtual members of the team often serve as a point of contact for their direct physical group.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional employees, because their teams can meet in accordance with different time zones, which is not always understand local management.
The presence of a true "invisible command" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of the virtual command.
Invisible team" is a team of managers that reports to each player. The invisible team sets standards for each player.
Why would an organization go through the tedious process of creating self-learning organization? One of the objectives of using self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used across all functional areas of the organization, creativity and inventiveness can be manifested.
In the end, a united effort by the organization to overcome the obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that will serve the interests of the client.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge sharing and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used for helping organizations to achieve a higher level of efficiency.
The data of neurobiology provide physical evidence for the theoretical approach to the study of consciousness. Thus, the field of study is narrowed, and it becomes much more accurate." #
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It is well known that various types of damage, injuries, injuries and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
The introduction of new technologies allows us to see and explore the unseen structures and processes of the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for creating and simulating models that help us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although AI is firmly associated with science fiction, it forms a very important area of computer science, which studies the behavior and learning machines and "infusing" them with intelligence.
AI research includes the creation of machines for automation tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
Here are a few examples that you can use: control, planning and creating a schedule, response to diagnoses and questions from the customer, as well as recognizing face, handwriting and voice.
These questions are delineated in separate disciplines, the purpose of which is to address the problems we face in everyday life.
AI is currently being used in economics, medicine, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Study tours are very important for any class. It is often teachers who want to take their students there, where buses cannot go.
Technology offers a solution through virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Updating the tour on the Internet for public viewing is also a great way to refresh your memory of the tour and share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennet High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of their state, and each year that site is updated, but access to old versions is still available — they serve as a
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this usually changes as a result of the presence of an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive for perfection in his writing in order to avoid criticism.
Also, as a blogger, "students are inspired to be smart and interesting, drawing attention to themselves (Toto, 2004).
Bloggership is an instrument, stimulating cooperation, and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
The appropriate use of blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, and also to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002).
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a huge number of art galleries and museums, opening the past and present of Canada.
On the south is Niagara Falls, and the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and its surroundings.
All of this and more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are seldom settled, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the number of the population: in the United States more black Americans than citizens in Canada.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean, at the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other continents and is a unique continent in that respect.
Almost all smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as luxurious beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 14th century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India
North of the region is Sahel, on the south and west - the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists should say that they are married, regardless of their actual family status.
Also useful to wear a ring (not too expensive appearance).
Women should be aware that cultural differences can make them feel that they are being pursued, women are often pursued, grabbed by the hand and so on.
Stand firmly and do not fear to stand up for yourself (this is not acceptable regardless of cultural differences).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by fishermen-Berbers in the X century B.C. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroeans as a strategic
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the Castelo Branco, but they left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The King of Morocco rebuilt the city of Ed-Dare-el-Beida, and Spanish traders who created here trading bases, named it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
There are many places around the old medina where you can buy traditional Moroccan goods such as tajine, pottery, leather goods, cigarettes and a whole range of trinkets, but all of this
Goma is a tourist town on the easternmost part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was buried by a volcanic eruption that buried the city's main streets, especially the central part.
Although Goma is relatively safe place, it is always a good idea to check the information on any trips outside Goma, to understand the state of the fighting in the North Kivu province.
This city is also the starting point for a climb to the volcano Nuwara Eliya, and also you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can take a Goma-Goma (motor taxi) for a short ride. The regular price is 500 Congolese francs for a short ride.
In view of its relatively remoteness, "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for an exotic far land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List in Danger due to the threat of sand dunes from the desert.
The program of Henry Louis Gates, Jr. "The Wonders of Africa" was filmed here.
This city is different from the rest of the country, because it is predominantly Arabic, not African.
Kruger National Park is located in the north-east of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique to the east, with Zimbabwe to the north, its southern
The park's area is 19 500 km2; there are 14 different ecosystems, each of which is a habitat for different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, there is a daily fee for its protection and visitation.
Also it may be profitable to buy a Wild Card, which allows you to visit the national parks of South Africa either selectively, or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honor of the island of Hong Kong, a place that many tourists consider the main object of their attention.
The line of buildings that form the horizon of Hong Kong is compared to a sparkling column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour." #
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the shores of the Tsuen Wan Peninsula, which is opposite
The most developed urban areas of the territory are concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the northern coast.
This is a place that the British took over, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, then this is a good place to start
Sudanbanna is the largest mangrove swamp belt extending from the shoreline to 80 km (50 miles) inland in Bangladesh and India.
Sunderbans was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park Sunderbans." #
These forests are not just mangrove swamps - they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sudanban occupies an area of 3850 sq. km, of which about two thirds is covered with water or swamps.
Sundaburn is a wildlife reserve and, according to estimates, there are currently 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 spotted deer on its land.
The buses leave from the inter-district bus station (on the river) at all times, although most of them leave at 06:30 and 07:30.
Because inter-district buses are often full, it is advisable to purchase a ticket in advance.
Most of the districts are served by small Japanese Coaster buses, comfortable and reliable.
Bus is a convenient and quick way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punakha (200 ngultrum).
The drawbridge over the Oka River is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oka River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyap
The two towers reach 83 metres in height, and the bridge itself is 378 metres long and has two lanes of traffic with a width of 3.5 metres.
The height of the stage is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational by September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, inhabiting the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters,
The Chaco region served as a home for different local tribes, for example for the Guaycura and Paguaya, they survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
In the sixteenth century Paraguay, which had previously been known as "the vast province of the East Indies", was created as a result of the conflict between Spanish conquista
The Spanish began a colonization period which lasted three centuries.
From the founding of Asuncion in 1537, Paraguay has mostly been able to preserve its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams, as well as the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at polo fields in Las Canoas.
Less-than-major tournaments and matches can also be watched at other times of the year.
To learn about the latest news about polo matches and to find out where you can buy tickets, visit the Argentine Polo Association website.
Official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands Pound (FKP), which is equivalent to one British Pound Sterling (GBP).
Money can be exchanged in one of the islands' only banks, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
In general, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, also often accept credit cards and US dollars.
On remote islands, credit cards may not be accepted, although British and American currencies may be accepted; be sure to clarify with the owners of which payment method is
The Falkland Islands currency is almost impossible to exchange outside the islands, so exchange money before you leave the islands.
Because Montevideo is south of the equator, there is summer in the NH, and winter in the SH.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In summer, the air temperature above +30 ° C is a normal occurrence.
Winter can be deceiving cold: temperature rarely falls below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates a feeling of colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There are no particularly "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of precipitation is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are used to see people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb the animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and at least 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals!
No matter how submissive they look, - buffaloes, deer, bears and almost all large animals can attack.
Each year hundreds of visitors are injured because they do not respect the necessary distance. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that the smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or wearing with you smelly food, and maintain cleanliness in the camp.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. It is located on the Upolu island and has a population of less than 40 000 people.
Aphia was founded in the 1850's and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The harbor was the site of a tragic naval confrontation in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the US and the UK refused to
All the ships sank except one British cruiser. There were about 200 American and German sailors killed.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the Movement of Mau, peaceful assembly in the city led to the killing of the supreme leader Tupou Te
There are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three areas
The North Shore beaches (in the area of North-Harbor) are lined with the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Beach on the north
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded by such trees as pohutakawa.
In the central area of Auckland, where the bay of Wātimātae is home to the exclusive residential suburbs of Mill Bay and St Heliers, there are some
This is sometimes crowded with people family beaches with good choice of shops, located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer - "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that can be drunk, however New Zealand and Australian wines can better be transported.
Local water supply is completely safe for drinking, but if you still afraid, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
The Australians are baffled by the idea of "flat white". "Little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped
Hot chocolate meets the standards of Belgium. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a superior quality.
On the reef there are a large number of trips, and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the reef are rare.
Although follow the advice of the government, obey all signs and pay close attention to the warnings of safety.
Cabomeduse is found in the vicinity of beaches and river mouths to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be
Sharks really exist, but they seldom attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
Crocodiles with gills do not live in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries to the north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booking allows the traveller to not worry about where to stay when arriving at the destination.
Tour operators often conclude contracts with specific hotels, but you can book through a travel agent and other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites." #
Travel agents usually sell packages of offers, which include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport or even combined packages, which include flight and accommodation in a
In addition, they may retain the reservation if you require time to consider the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, a visa).
Any modifications or requests must first be sent to the travel agency, and not directly to the hotel.
Some music festivals, the vast majority of participants stay overnight on the festival grounds, and most of them think it's a must-do part of the program.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive in advance to find a place for camping near the music.
Remember that even if the music on the main stages may already be over, there may be areas where music will continue playing until late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, learn about the cabin location, as the passage through the ice leads to a rather frightening noise that can disturb the most sensitive people.
Cruises to St. Petersburg include guided walking tours of the city. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (please check conditions).
In most cases, casinos try to make customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money in the casino. Windows and clocks are not there, and it is difficult to find exits.
They usually offer a special food, drinks and entertainment to guests in order to keep them in a good mood and not leave the establishment.
In some casinos, they offer free alcohol. However, drunkenness makes you lose your mind, and all good players know how important it is to stay sober.
Everyone who is planning to drive in high-elevation areas or on mountain passes should take into account the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On the icy and snowy road friction is low, and you can't drive as well as on normal pavement.
In the event of snowfall, sufficient snow to make it difficult to get stuck, can fall in a very short period of time.
The visibility may also be limited due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and traffic continues all year round almost without breaks.
Safari is, I think, the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
Safari" in everyday use means a land trip with the purpose of seeing the breathtaking wildlife of Africa, especially in the savanna.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach machines, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes cautious, and you will see them better through a binocular.
Walking safari (also called "field research", "hiking safari" or "walking tour") consists of a walk lasting from few hours to few days.
Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city that has hosted two Summer Olympic Games. The first was held here in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced for the transfer, you may have a difficult situation.
Order cancellation rules may vary, but at the end of March most rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were scheduled.
Expected that most of the tickets for events will cost from 2,500 to 15,000 yen, with a standard ticket price of about 7,000 yen.
Dry-cleaning clothes helps them dry out. Many hotels provide a dryer and ironing board, even if they are not available in the room." #
If you don't have a steam iron or you are not fond of the idea of wearing clean socks, you can try a hair dryer if it is
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperatures (which can lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different ways of cleaning water, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places, it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in others, it will take a few minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you are unsure, you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a reputable company.
Travelers can meet with animals-invaders they haven't seen in their home country.
Predators can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release toxins or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which may cause damage or death to a person, are usually not considered pests.
Shopping "duty-free" is the opportunity to buy in certain points goods without taxes and duties.
Travelers, heading to countries with high taxation, can sometimes save a considerable amount, especially on such goods as alcoholic drinks and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated and forested country.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be on your guard: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits set on the previous and subsequent sections are usually 35-40 miles per hour (56-64 km / h) - strict compliance with them is more important than other things." #
However, as you may have guessed, mobile phone service is much better here than in many other parts of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, Wyoming.
German bakery cakes are quite good. In Bavaria, they are quite plentiful and diverse and look like cakes from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cakes are popular, cakes with apples are all year round, and cherries and plums appear in summer.
In German cakes are often used almonds, hazelnuts and other wood nuts. Popular cakes are often combined with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but tasty pastry, try what is called an apfelstrudel or a pancake with filling.
Cari - a dish based on herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the amount of liquid, curry can be "wet" or "dry.
In the interior of Pakistan and Northern India, curry is actively used yogurt. In South India and in some regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is used.
Indonesian cuisine, having 17 000 islands to choose from, is a general term used to refer to a vast variety of regional cuisines, found throughout the country.
But without further clarification this term is often understood to refer to food from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, widely spread throughout the archipelago, includes a variety of simple dishes spiced with a variety of flavorings. The most preference is given to such flavorings as peanuts, chili, sugar (especially yavanese coconut
Stems are the legs of the rider, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide better balance, but they can be a safety hazard because there is a chance of getting stuck foot.
If a horse drops its rider, but his foot is stuck in the stirrup, a running horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take certain precautions.
First, most riders wear boots for riding with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual saddles, especially English, are equipped with protective braces, which allow the leather stirrup to fall off the saddle if it is pulled back by a falling rider.
The Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
On top, you can enjoy breathtaking mountain views. Climbers from around the world are constantly creating new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down a snowy ridge on attached skis or snowboards.
Skiing is the main tourist destination for many skiers (they are sometimes called "skiing lazymen"), planning their vacations entirely around skiing in a certain place.
The idea of skiing is very old: ancient cave drawings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC.
Skiing as a sport dates back at least to the 16th century, and in 1861 the Norwegians opened the first ski club in Australia.
Skiing is also called backcountry skiing, ski touring or hiking on skis.
This is related, but usually does not include hiking up the peak and then descending down the unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
Imagine that the ski route is a pedestrian route.
If you have good conditions, you can move several larger distances than walking, but you can only move at a high speed when you do not have a heavy backpack and there is a ski trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent countries. In normal circumstances, travelling through many countries meant that you had to apply for visas and multiple passport controls.
But the Schengen zone in this respect functions as a
Standing in this area, you usually can cross the border without going through passport controls again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to submit an application for a visa in each of the countries of the Schengen area separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as an antique.
The concept has geographical variants in which the age limit in such places as North America can be less than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as antiques, even though they are younger than mass-produced products.
Sheep-raising is an important source of income for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this occupation is also important for many other professions.
Although this is a tradition, not all the representatives of the people of the Sami engaged in mass rearing of deer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using deer mainly as beasts of burden." #
Today many of us are engaged in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region Lapland.
The word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country to which you are planning to visit is rated as dangerous, this may affect your medical insurance during your trip or your trip cancellation insurance.
You may also wish to consult with other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their own citizens.
One example is that citizens of the United States in the Middle East can confront situations that cannot confront Europeans or Arabs.
In the news reports only briefly described the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified by comparison with the widespread more detailed information.
Unfavorable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous phenomenon of the weather, capable of causing any damage, to cause serious social upheavals or to cause human
Bad weather conditions are everywhere in the world, and they are different types, which depend on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rains and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather events such as hurricanes, tornadoes, watersp
Regional and seasonal hazards of weather are snow storms, blizzards, ice and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to take into account any risks associated with the harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
All those planning to visit a country which may be considered as a military zone, must undergo professional training.
Searching for the phrase "course on the environment in hostile environment", may yield the address of a local company.
The course usually covers more in-depth the topics discussed here, usually with practical training.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes a lot of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines, where it is told about survival in the wild, are very common, but publications about the battle zones are a bit less.
People planning to undergo a sex change abroad, must make sure that they have the real documents for the return trip.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated to reflect the desired name and sex, varies from place to place.
The willingness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under these documents is so varied.
Passing through checkpoints became more rigorous after September 11th.
Transgenders who are preparing for surgery should not expect to be scanned, and their private lives and dignity will not be affected.
A breakwater is a current created by waves that break on the shore, or sometimes against a reef or something similar.
Reverse flow is concentrated in a few deeper areas, where rapid flow can form, due to the similar underwater topology.
Most deaths occur as a result of exhaustion attempting to return against the current, which can be impossible.
As soon as you leave the current, it will be easier to return to it than usual.
Try to go there where you won't be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may well wait for rescue.
The shock of returning to your home country is more intense than the cultural shock (this is a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and is more difficult.
Travelers who are easily adapted to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after living overseas, you have adapted to a new culture and have lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, were kind to you, knowing that travellers need to adapt to a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding are necessary to travelers, who have returned home.
A sound and light show on the backdrop of the Pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in the silence before the show begins.
Always there is noise from tourists and sellers. The history of sound and light is like a book with stories.
Sphinx is the background and the storyteller of the long history.
Scenes are shown on the pyramids, and different pyramids are lit.
On the 1819 opened South Shetland Islands, several countries are contesting. There are more bases on these islands than any other in 2020, and sixteen were active bases
The archipelago is located 120 km from the peninsula. The largest island is named King George with the settlement of Villas-Las-Estrellas.
Others include the island of Livingston and Deepsea, where the active caldera of a two hundred years old volcano is a spectacular natural harbor.
The land of Eluthera is the region to the south of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plain, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain range of Eluthera, divided by the ice-field of Minnesota into
In the northern part, that is, on the summit of the Sentinel, are the highest mountains of Antarctica — the massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892
In the remote areas outside the coverage area of mobile phones, satellite phone can be your only option.
Usually satellite phone is not a substitute for mobile phone, because you need to be outside in direct line of sight with satellite, to call.
The service is often used in maritime transport, including fast and cruise ships, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communication.
In general, you can get more information about this service by contacting your local telecommunications operator.
An option becoming increasingly popular for those who plan to take an academic year, is to travel and study.
This is especially popular among high school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting at risk their education.
In many cases, the admission to a particular course abroad during the academic leave can actually increase your chances of admission to higher education institutions in your home country.
In general, tuition fees are charged for such programmes.
Finland is a good place for boating. In the country of thousand lakes there are also thousand islands on lakes and in the archipelagoes.
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can easily be able to do without a yacht.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayak leave completely different impressions.
Sailing is a national pastime in Finland. In particular, one boat is used for seven or eight people.
An analogous situation in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is from one to forty).
Most individual Baltic cruises include extended stay in St. Petersburg.
This means that you can spend several full days in this historic city and then return to the ship for the night.
If you go to the beach only on the order of a tour on the ship, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Flying a plane can be terrifying for anyone of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: it is no different from the personal dislike and fear of other things that are very many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from the unknown or inability to control the process.
The delivery services are well paid for fast delivery. Often the speed of delivery of commercial documentation, goods or spare parts for urgent repair is very important.
On some routes, larger companies have their own aircraft, but for other routes and smaller companies, this was a problem.
If they were to send something as an air cargo, then the loading and clearance of customs could take several days.
The only way to get it straight is to send it as checked baggage. The carrier’s rules do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, so you have to be involved." #
The obvious way to fly in the first or business class is to pay for this privilege (or better yet, to force your company to pay for you).
But that's not cheap at all — in rough approximation you'll pay four times more for economy class and eleven times more for first class!
In general, there is no sense even to look for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines are well aware that there is a certain main group of passengers who are ready to pay a lot of money for the privilege of quickly and comfortably get somewhere, so they charge a
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
The 1994 conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed pro-independence eastern Moldovan Republic, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by any state
 Despite the failure of political negotiations, economic links between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a great transportation hub.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Large boulevards, glass facades of modern shopping centers interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, a market of the XVIII century, old mosques and churches, although the city has more atmosphere of Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey
From the village Haldorsvik you can see the nearby island of Estura, as well as the unusual octagonal church.
On some graves there are interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It is worth spending half an hour and to take a walk through the unusual village.
Compared to the north, the romantic and charming town of Sintra, praised by Lord Byron and known worldwide after that, is located.
The bus Scotturb No 403 performs scheduled flights to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
Visit also the great Fatima Church (the tomb of the Virgin Mary) — a place of world-famous apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you, in essence, are on the same place as a brother's grave, and a place that is incomparable in its importance to a large percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
There are still many men and women who survived their stay here, but there are also many people whose relatives were killed here or worked here until death, whether Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with the utmost respect, seriousness and dignity, which it deserves." "Please do not joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Do not profane this place, by painting or scratching graffiti on objects around.
Official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most people understand it, and most people know Spanish.
However, most signs are only indicated in Catalan, because it is the law that is the first official language.
Yet, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The usual announcements in the metro are only made in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced by an automated system in a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be egotistical, rude and arrogant.
Let's say it's just a false stereotype, but the best way to succeed in Paris is to behave as a "bien élevé" (well-bred) person. This will make it much easier to adapt in this city
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish in a flash, if you show a little politeness.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, mainly with oak trees, beech and pine, and is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Thanks to the combination of microclimates, different soils and altitude changes, the diversity of plant communities is particularly wide.
The area is rich in a variety of animals and birds.
Here you can find rare animals, such as European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, lynx, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
When visiting the cloisters, women should be dressed in skirts below the knees and covered shoulders.
In most monasteries, women are given clothing if they come unprepared, but if you take your own, especially brightly colored, monk or monks will smile at you.
Likewise, men should wear trousers which would cover their knees.
They can also be taken at the entrance, however this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size fits all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as those of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with widespread use of olive oil." #
Simple and popular dish for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any of the fillings, such as cheese, tuna and so on." #
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, which means You, always are written with a capital letter even in the middle of the sentence.
It is important to distinguish verbs and adjectives.
It is also likely to make reading easier, while the letter is somewhat more complicated because it is necessary to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
Pronunciation in Italian is relatively simple, since most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is especially important to pay attention to the letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
Also be sure to remember that r and rr are pronounced differently: caro means "dear", and carro means "cart.
In Persian language, relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
That is why reading this Persian grammar book will help you learn a lot of new and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you speak the Romance group, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and it can be learned separately.
Ancient Observatories, as a rule, are considered to be outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution of their prime was not such a problem as it is today, they are usually found in cities or in campuses, to which it is easier to get to than to those built in the present day." #
Most of the modern astronomical telescopes are large structures in remote places with favorable meteorological conditions.
The contemplation of the blossoming of sakura, called "Hanami", has entered Japanese culture since the VIII century.
This idea comes from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan the first celebrations of cherry blossoms were held only for himself and other members of the aristocracy at the imperial court.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so do not succumb to temptation to take just one.
Visiting an officially organized garden collection will result in you being ejected without any conversation.
Singapore is a safe place to travel, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, being in the "deep tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to cope with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely)." #
There are several buses heading north to Hebron, a legendary place of burial of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and their w
Make sure that the bus you are going to board is heading to Hebron, not just to a nearby Jewish settlement in Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good theme for a public event.
For example, a visit to castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise on the canal of the Danube, or a boat trip along
They also determine the routes for popular pedestrian and bicycle routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions relating to this festival have also been adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and non-Christians across the world.
There is a tradition to spend Easter night, not sleeping, in some open place, so that you can see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has Christian theological explanation, but it can also be a spring and fertility ritual of pre-Christian times.
More traditional churches often conduct the Easter service on Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, and the congregation usually begins at midnight celebrating the resurrection of Christ.
All animals that originally came to these islands, landed here by sea, flew here by air, or were carried here by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals were unable to get to the islands, making the giant tortoise the main carnivorous animal on the
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been imported, including cattle, horses, cows, rats,
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctica in winter, you will learn what it is like to have a polar night when the sun doesn't rise above the horizon." #
This is a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese culture of work is hierarchical and formalized in comparison to what Westerners are accustomed to.
Coats are standard business clothes, and colleagues address each other by their names or by their titles.
Very important is the harmony at work, and the results of group work are valued above individual achievements.
Often, employees must obtain permission from the superior before taking any action and must obey the orders of the superior
