 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Dr. Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the department of clinical and scientific affairs of the Canadian Diabetes Association, noted that the research work was still in its infancy.
He expressed doubt that it would be possible to cure type 1 diabetes, and pointed out that the findings for people already suffering from type 1 diabetes would have no relevance to those who have already been diagnosed with the disease.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee of the Swedish Academy, announced on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the committee had ceased its efforts to inform Bob Dylan of his Nobel Prize for Literature, after it had not been able to reach him personally.
Danius said: "At the moment we are not doing anything. I have called his closest colleague and sent him e-mails and received very friendly replies. That is at the moment enough.
Rings CEO Jamie Siminoff once said that he had founded the company after he could not hear his front doorbell from his garage.
He said that he had built a wireless doorbell.
Siminoff said that sales had increased after his appearance on a show called "Shark Tank" in 2013, despite the panel of judges rejecting his start-up's funding.
In 2017, Siminoff appeared on QVC's 'Shopping Live' show.
Ring has also settled a dispute with the competing security company ADT Corporation.
While an experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce the mortality of ebola, there are no drugs yet proven to be effective in treating existing infections.
A monoclonal antibody cocktail, ZMapp, initially proved to be promising, but formal clinical trials showed that it, what the prevention of deaths by the disease is concerned, did not provide more benefits than hoped.
In the PALM study, ZMapp was used as a control, that is, the scientists used it as a starting point and compared the three other treatments with it.
USA Gymnastics supports the letter of the Olympic Committee of the United States and accepts it as a necessary requirement that the Olympic family works to ensure a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that the interests of our athletes and their teams and their sport are best served by taking steps within our organisation to improve the way we do things rather than by de-centralising.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that will bring to light how widespread sexual abuse in the extent described by survivors of Lary Nassar has been so long undiscovered and welcomes all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal - to make the sport of gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes so that they can follow their dreams in a safe, positive and self-determined environment.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as a consultant for John F. Kennedy and subsequently for the government around Lyndon B. Johnson.
While elections in 1976 advised Carter in foreign policy and served from 1977 to 1981 as the national security advisor (NSA) in the wake of Henry Kissinger.
As a national security advisor, he supported Carter in handling world affairs, such as the Camp David agreement of 1978, the normalization of relations between the United States and China in the 1970s, the Iranian revolution, which led to the hostage crisis in Iran in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has received nominations in all main categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated as best actor and actress.
There are further nominations for example for the best film, the director, the camera direction, the costume design, the editing, the original film music, the production design, the sound mixing and the original script.
Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. Lionsgate Studio received 26 nominations – more than any other film studio.
On Sunday, the President of the United States, Donald Trump, in a read by the press secretary statement, announced that the US troops would leave Syria.
The announcement was made after a telephone conversation between President Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would carry out the monitoring of ISIS fighters whose return was rejected by European countries.
This confirms not only that some dinosaurs had feathers, but also provides details that fossils in general cannot provide, such as colour and three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that the fur of this animal was on the top brown and on the bottom light- or carotenoid-coloured.
The find also gives us insights into the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well developed sheath called the quill, but other features of feathers — hooks and barbules — the researchers concluded that the quill must have been an evolutionary development later than these other features.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation or for heart function. The researchers suspected that the sample, although it is the tail of a young dinosaur, the feathers of an adult specimen and not the down of a chick.
The researchers claimed that this is the tail of a young dinosaur, but the sample showed no feathers.
A car bomb exploded at about 7:00 am in the Gaziantep police headquarters, killing two police officers and injuring over twenty others.
According to the governor's office, nineteen of the injured are police officers.
The police said they suspected a militant follower of Daesh (ISIL) behind the attack.
You have found out that the sun operates on the same principles as other stars: you have found out that its activity is driven by its light, its rotation and nothing else.
To determine the Rossby number of a star, which is linked to the plasma flow, the brightness and rotation are taken into account together.
The smaller the Rossby number is, the less active the star is in terms of reorienting the magnetic field.
While on the journey, Iwasaki was frequently in trouble.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a vicious dog in Tibet, escaped from a marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard runs on frequencies 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This means that it can be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided the base station has dual radio.
The speed of 802,11 n is significantly faster than the predecessors, which had a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, married and two adult children, did not impress Miller, who was told the story.
When asked for a comment, Mr Miller said: ‘Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I have prepared myself and therefore could not hear what he said.’
We will strive to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per capita by 2020 by at least 5% compared to 2005.
He did not give a figure for cuts, but said they would be made on the basis of the economic performance of China.
Hu encouraged developing countries to avoid the old path of polluting and cleaning up afterward.
He added that "they should not be asked to take responsibilities that go beyond their development level, their responsibility and their capabilities.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report today at 12:00 GMT.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any action taken in Iraq at this time will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence or a slide into chaos.
The report starts with the request for an open dialogue and consensus building in the United States on a strategy for the Middle East.
The report is highly critical of almost all aspects of the present executive policy on Iraq and calls for a radical change of direction.
The first recommendation is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure the Iraqi borders against hostile interventions and to restore diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current Senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometres from Buenos Aires, that she is running for president.
Mrs Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater. She began her campaign for the senate as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The trigger for the debate was a controversy over the spending for relief and reconstruction following Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscally conservatives have referred to as "Bush's New Orleans deal.
The criticism of the Liberals on the reconstruction process has focused on the fact that contracts for reconstruction were awarded to alleged insiders in Washington.
More than four million people came to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of participants was so large that it was not possible for all to gain access to the burial at the Peters's Square.
A number of large television screens were set up in Rome, so that people could watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and elsewhere, especially in Poland, similar institutions have been installed, which have been seen by many people.
Historicists have criticised the FBI’s policy of concentrating resources on easy cases, especially on car theft, in an attempt to increase the agency’s success rate.
The Congress began in August 2005 with funding of the anti-obscenity initiative and laid down that the FBI must deploy 10 agents for adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest individual score of the innings, 70 points, by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle order batsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid showed good performances and scored a partnership of 100 runs.
But after losing the captain's goal, India scored only 36 runs and lost 7 goals, which meant the innings was over.
The US President, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore at dawn on 16 November and began a two-week tour of Asia.
He was welcomed by Wong Kan Seng, the deputy prime minister of Singapore, and spoke with Lee Hsien Loong, the prime minister of Singapore, on trade and terrorism issues.
After a week of losses in the mid-term election, President Bush told the audience that trade in Asia had been expanded.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the ""Clean Air Act"" of the government to a committee of all parties for a second hearing.
Layton had during the meeting with the Prime Minister proposed changes to the environmental law of the Conservative Party and had demanded a "green and complete rewrite" of the Conservative Party's environmental law.
After the German government had jumped in to take over the funding of the Mersey hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), some state and parliamentary members have criticised the process as a PR stunt ahead of the scheduled federal election in November
But Mr Howard said the money would only be used to protect hospitals from being downgraded by Tasmania.
According to the latest Bulletin, the sea level measurements indicated that a tsunami had been triggered. In the vicinity of Pago Pago and Niue, a definite tsunami activity was recorded.
No significant damage or injury has been reported from Tonga. However, the power was temporarily cut off, which reports say was the reason for the PTWC not receiving the tsunami warning from the Tsunami Warning Centre.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii, which are located near the coast, were closed for the whole of Wednesday, despite the warnings being lifted.
The US President, George W. Bush, welcomed the announcement.
Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe called the pledge by North Korea to "make a significant step towards achieving the verifiable denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula" a "significant step in the right direction.
The tenth Atlantic hurricane season storm, named Jerry, has now formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that Jerry at this time does not pose a threat to landing.
The US Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rain would break the already damaged dams.
The Ninth Ward, which was flooded during Hurricane Katrina up to 20 feet high, is currently flooded because the nearby levee has been breached.
On a 100 foot section of the dam, water flows over the dam.
The Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his disappointment at the removals when he spoke to Wikinews last month.
He [Wales] has lied to us from the outset. Firstly, by doing so as if it were legally necessary. Secondly, by doing so as if he were listening to us, until he was forced to delete his artillery." #
The irritations in the community have led to the current efforts to draft a directive on sexual content for the website that hosts millions of openly licensed media.
The work was largely theoretical, but the programme was written to simulate observations made by the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect sought would be caused by tidal forces between the dark matter of the galaxy and the dark matter of the Milky Way.
Like the moon attracts Earth and causes tides, the Milky Way also exerts gravitational forces on the Sagittarius Galaxy.
The scientists concluded that dark matter acts on dark matter in the same way as ordinary matter.
This theory says that the greatest part of the dark matter is in a kind of Halo around a galaxy and consists of many small particles.
Television reports show that white smoke is escaping from the plant.
Local authorities have warned residents in the vicinity of the plant to refrain from using air conditioning and to drink tap water.
The nuclear regulatory authority of Japan has reported that radioactive cesium and iodine were found in the nuclear power plant.
The authorities speculate that this may indicate that containers with uranium fuel may have been damaged and possibly leaking.
Dr. Tony Moll discovered the extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In an interview he said, the new variant was "very alarming and alarming due to the very high mortality rate.
Some patients may have contracted the virus, says Dr. Moll, and at least two were medical staff.
In a year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, the proportion of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis is apparently still low; 6,000 of the 330,000 people who are infected in South Africa at a particular time." #
The satellites which weighed more than 1,000 pounds collided at a distance of 491 miles above the earth at an approximate flight speed of 17,500 miles per hour.
Scientists say that the explosion was huge.
They are still trying to understand how extensive the impact was and how the Earth will be affected.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense has found the wreckage.
The outcome of the plotting analysis will be published on a public website.
A doctor who worked at the children's hospital in Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania) is charged with murder after her dead mother was found in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, say authorities in Ohio.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the ground in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb about 15 miles north of Cincinnati, shirtless and in underwear, apparently under strong medication.
She led the officers to their black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
There, the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, was found under bloodstained sheets.
The police said the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of this season of the disease were reported in July.
The disease is spread by pigs and then migrates through mosquitoes to humans.
The outbreak of the disease prompted the Indian government to appoint slaughtermen to slaughter thousands of mosquito nets and spray pesticides.
The government has also promised several million doses of vaccine against meningitis, which will help the health authorities for next year.
Plans for vaccines that should have been delivered in this year's historically most affected areas were delayed due to lack of funds and low priorities in comparison with other diseases.
Sławomir Sławiński was born in 1956 in Łódź, Poland. He moved to Sweden in 1963 and worked as a graphic designer for the Swedish Post from 1963 to 1975.
He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
The quality and precision of his work is so highly regarded that his name is one of the few well-known names in the field of philatelic collecting.
His thousandth postage stamp, issued in 2000, shows the magnificent painting "Heroic Deeds of Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and is recorded in the Guinness Book of Records.
He was also involved in the issuing of banknotes for many countries. Current examples of his work include the portraits on the front of the Canadian 5- and 100-dollar notes.
After the accident Gibson was taken to hospital, he died shortly afterwards.
The lorry driver, who is 64 years old, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was taken from the accident site about 12 noon GMT on the same day.
A person working in a workshop near the accident site said: "There were children waiting to cross the road and all were crying and wailing.
Everyone ran back from the accident scene.
The agenda in Bali is to save the remaining rainforests of the world and to share technologies that will help developing countries grow more sustainably.
The UN hope to set up a fund to help countries hit by global warming cope with the effects.
The money could be used for flood-proof houses, better water management and plant diversity.
Fluke wrote that efforts of some women to speak about women's health were overshadowed, not successful.
She reached this conclusion on the basis of the numerous positive comments and encouragement she received from both men and women who urged that contraception should be regarded as a medical necessity.
As the fighting stopped when the wounded were taken to the hospital, about 40 of the remaining prisoners remained on the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to defuse the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are unclear.
In the yard between 22:00 and 11:00 MDT, prisoners lit a fire.
As soon as policemen in protective suits entered the camp, they pushed the inmates into the corner with tear gas.
The fire was finally extinguished at 23:35
After the dam was built in 1963, the annual floods that spread sediments in the river stopped.
This sediment was necessary to form sandbanks and beaches that served as habitats for wildlife.
In consequence, two species have died out and two more are endangered, including the Gila cypha.
The authorities hope that the rise in the water level will be sufficient to rebuild eroded sandbanks downstream, although it is only a few feet high.
No tsunami warning was issued and according to the Indonesian Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami warning, as the earthquake did not reach the required strength of 6.5.
Although there was no tsunami threat, people were in panic and began to leave their businesses and homes.
While she was weeping, she assured her fans that she would return.
This will not be a farewell. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new chapter.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have indicated that the incumbent President Hifikepunye Pohamba was re-elected with a large margin.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), retained a similar majority in the parliamentary elections.
The coalition forces and Afghan troops moved in to secure the location, and other aircraft of the coalition were sent to support.
The crash occurred at a high altitude and is thought to have been the result of hostile fire.
The search efforts are made more difficult by bad weather and uneven terrain.
The medical relief organisation Mangola, Medecines Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organization have declared that this is the worst outbreak recorded in the country.
Richard Veerman, spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said: "Angola is on the verge of the worst outbreak of all time, and the situation in Angola remains very bad." #
The games started at 10:00 a. m. in glorious weather and apart from a little drizzle on the morning, which quickly passed, it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
South Africa, the top-placed team in the tournament, began with a comfortable 26 : 00 victory over Sambia, the fifth-placed team.
Although the team looked tired in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa improved steadily throughout the tournament.
Your disciplined defence, ball control and excellent teamwork made you stand out and made it clear that this was the team to beat.
The police of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum have said that the tree has been infected with a fungus and poses a danger to public health because it could fall at any time.
He should have been released on Tuesday, but a court order was saved by a last-minute emergency ruling.
All cave entrances, including the ‘Seven Sisters’, have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 metres (328 to 820 feet).
Infrared images show temperature differences between night and day, which suggest that it is probably caves.
They are colder than the surrounding surface at day and warmer at night.
Your thermal behaviour is not so uniform as that of the great caves on the earth, which are often quite constant in temperature, but it agrees with that, that it is a deep hole in the ground." said Glen Cushing, from the Astrogeology team of the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and Northern Arizona University in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting is traditionally a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth and insert a pre-printed sheet of paper into a sealed envelope.
After the officials have confirmed the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voter list.
The French election law sets out the procedure pretty strictly.
From 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can verify that at the beginning of the election there are no envelopes and that no envelopes are thrown except those of the properly counted and authorised voters.
Candidates may send representatives to attend to every stage of the process. At night, the votes will be counted by volunteers under strict supervision and on special procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, previously launched on the basis of price and functionality factors, was hot news at the Taipei IT Month show in 2007.
But the consumer market for laptop computers will radically change after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by the Republic of China.
The website of the station describes the show as "radio theater of old school with a new and spooky twist!
In its early days, the show only appeared on the old Internet radio site TogiNet Radio, which focused on talk radio.
In 2015 TogiNet founded the satellite station AstroNet Radio.
The program had originally local amateur synchronization from East Texas.
According to reports, looting continued throughout the night, while police did not show any presence on the streets.
According to a witness, Bishkek was becoming more and more a state of "anarchy"", as gangs of people were roaming the streets and looting shops.
At least several residents of Bishkek blamed the demonstrators from the south for the lawlessness in their city.
South Africa has beaten the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match in a tri-nation tournament at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rust
The final result was a 21-20 victory for the All Blacks, which ended their 15-match winning streak.
For the Springboks, the five-match losing streak came to an end.
It was the last game for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final of the tournament will take place next week at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, where the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake struck at 22:08 on Monday in the western part of Montana.
No immediate reports of damage were received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Earthquake Information Center.
The epicentre of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte
It has been confirmed that the deadly avian influenza H5N1 has been infected by a wild bird that was found dead in a marshland near Lyon in the east of France on Monday.
France is the seventh country of the European Union to be affected by the virus; after Austria, Germany, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Allerdings gibt es in Dänemark und Schweden bereits Fälle von H5N1.
Chambers sued God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of many millions of people on earth.
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his lawsuit is frivolous and that "everyone can bring a lawsuit against everyone.
The story presented in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, entitled 'La vie de l'artiste', is about a man whose life is determined by drugs and Japan.
That is why the actors smoke cannabis joints on stage and the theatre itself encourages the audience to participate.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann each reached the fourth, fifth and sixth place.
After the results were announced, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he also took a hard line against Romney, who had been running negative campaign ads against him in Iowa.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of tonight's primary and decide whether there is a further path for him in this race", but later said he would continue in the race and take part in the primaries in South Carolina on 21 January.
Bachemann, who won the Ames-sample in August, decided to stop her campaign.
The photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he died.
According to reports, he was in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said: "While I was not present at this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
The entertainment website TMZ has learned that the photographer stopped his car on the other side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the police check before he crossed the road and continued, which prompted the California Highway Patrol officer who conducted the traffic check to order him back over the road twice.
According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer is most likely not to be charged.
Only eighteen medals are available per day, so there are a number of countries that have not made it to the podium.
The Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen yesterday took ninth place in the standing of the ladies in the super-G, and Finland with Katja Saarinen, who took tenth place in the same event.
Mitchell Gourley was eighth in the standing Super-G of men. The Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek was sixteenth in the sitting Super-G of men.
The Mexican Arly Velasquez came fifteenth in the men's Super G. The New Zealander Adam Hall came ninth in the men's Super G.
The blind Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in the thirteenth place in the Super-G. The South Korean Jong Seork Park finished in the Super-G men's
The UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti in 2010 to help with the aftermath of the earthquake were blamed for spreading the disease that was first reported in the camp of the peacekeepers.
The complaint alleges that the UN depot was not properly cleaned, resulting in the introduction of bacteria into the Artibonit River, one of the largest rivers in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops, there had been no problems related to the disease in Haiti.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referred to independent studies which suggest that the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion may have brought the disease unknowingly to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on disease, found that the outbreak was likely to have been caused by the UN's Blue Helmets.
Hamilton confirmed that the hospital had accepted patients in stable condition.
The patient had been in Nigeria, where some cases of Ebola virus had occurred.
The hospital followed infection control protocols, including the separation of patients from other patients to avoid infection of third parties.
Simon has worked in several shows in different roles before the Simpsons.
In the 1980s, he worked on shows like "Taxi", "Cheers" and "The Tracey Ullman Show".
1989 half er Brooks and Groening at the creation of "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the hiring of the first writers team of the show." #
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of producer and received licence fees in multi-millions of kroner each year.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
More recent reports have said that the plane had received a bomb threat and was diverted to Afghanistan, where it landed.
According to initial reports, the aircraft was turned back to Afghanistan after it was refused permission to land in Ürümqi.
Floods are a problem in Iran, which has a poorly maintained navy which can be used for both civilian and military purposes.
International sanctions have caused the purchase of no new aircraft.
At the beginning of the week, three people were killed and three others were injured in a helicopter crash.
Last month Iran suffered its worst plane crash since years when a passenger plane crashed on its way to Armenia and all 168 passengers died.
In the same month another passenger jet crashed into the end of a runway in Maschhad and collided with a wall, killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts of their tour.
The band should tour the United States and Canada until 16 September.
After the frontman of Aerosmith, Steven Tyler, fell off the stage during a performance on 5 August, they have cancelled their tour.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak, after both men held every single service point in the set.
Del Potro had a early advantage in the second set, but also the tie break was required after the 6:6 was reached.
Potros' shoulder had been treated, but he was still able to return to the playing field.
The program began at 20:30 local time (15:00 UTC)
Famous singers throughout the country presented Bhajans, devotional songs, to Shri Shyams feet.
The singer Sanju Sharma opened the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who also presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan. He was accompanied by the singer Raju Khandelwal
Then Lakkha Singh took over the singing of the Bhajans.
Baba Shyam were 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism 56 different edible things, such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc., which are offered to
Lakkha Singh presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan as well. The singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
On Thursday, Nintendo President Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the new Nintendo Revolution console of the company.
Like a TV remote control, the controller uses two sensors that are placed near the television of the user to triangulate its position in three-dimensional space.
This will enable players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and had to retire from the race before it had even started.
His teammate led the race most of the time, but finished it after his pit stop, probably because of a badly damaged right front wheel.
In the aftermath of Alonso's retirement, Michael was also forced to retire due to damage to the rear suspension caused by the numerous fights during the race.
She is very sweet and she also sings pretty well," he said, according to a transcript of the press conference.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
About three minutes after the launch, a camera on board the spacecraft captured the fragments of plastic insulation from the fuel tank.
None of this is assumed to have damaged the shuttle.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., the director of the Space Shuttle program, said that the foam "after the time we were concerned about" fell.
After five minutes the wind blows, about one minute later it reaches 70 km/h... Then the rain begins, but the drops are so hard and big that they hit like needles on the skin. Then the rain falls, but the hailstones are so big that they hit like needles on the skin.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that the earthquake had no impact and that the reactors at Shika had been shut down.
It is reported that approximately 9 400 homes in the region have no water and approximately 100 homes have no electricity.
Some roads were damaged and the railway traffic in the affected areas was interrupted. The airport in the prefecture of Ishikawa remains closed.
A bomb exploded in front of the office building of the Governor General.
Three more bombs exploded within two hours near government buildings.
According to a number of reports, the official death toll is eight and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured. However, there are no final figures yet.
So far, both cyanuric acid and melamine have been found in urine samples of animals that died after eating contaminated house-d
The two links react with each other and form crystals that may hinder the kidney's function.
The researchers discovered crystals in cat urine that had been formed by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals is in accordance with the composition found in the urine of affected animals when compared by infrared spectroscopy (
I do not know whether you knew this, but most of the goods from Central America were freely imported into our country.
However, 80 % of our goods were penalised with duties in Central America. We are concerned about you.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
I tell people that we would like to be treated in the same way as others are treated.
The California governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill banning the sale or rental of video games that contain violence to minors.
The proposal envisages that in the State of California sold video games with a sticker with the number "18" and the sale to minors with a fine of 1000 dollars.
The Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer QC gave a statement today, announcing the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne has resigned and will be replaced by Norman Lamb in the cabinet. It is expected that the Member of Parliament Ed Davey will take over the role of the Minister of Finance, which Norman Lamb just left.
Huhne and Pryce will appear before the Westminster Magistrates Court on 16 February.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla suffered wounds to his arm and jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider needed reconstructive surgery for his face.
The weapon of Uka had a jam when he shot at the head of a fifth man. Schneider has since been under chronic pain, blind in one eye, and missing part of his skull. His face had to be reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider said about a video link from an American Air Force base in his home country.
Over the meeting on Wednesday, Carpanedo took part in two individual races.
Her first was the slalom, where she received a "Did not Finish" in her first race. 36 of 116 competitors in this race achieved the same result.
Her other race, the giant slalom, she finished 10th in the ladies’ group with a combined time of 4:41.30. This meant she was 2:11,60 minutes slower than the winner of the Austrian, Claudia Lösch, and 1:09,02 faster than Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary, who finished ninth
Four skiers of the cruising skiing came not to the finish line, and 45 of the 117 skiers in the slalom race could not place themselves in the race.
The police of Madhya Pradesh have recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The deputy general inspector D. K. Arya said: "We have arrested five people who have raped the Swiss woman and their mobile phone and laptop have been seized.
The names of the accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanja, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanki said that the accused had appeared with their faces covered in court.
While three people were in the house when the car drove in, none of them were injured.
The driver suffered considerable head injuries.
The road on which the accident took place was temporarily closed while the rescue services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was transferred to Addenbrooke’s Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been charged with murdering her son.
She is still in detention awaiting trial, but eyewitness statements could be false as a result of widespread publicity.
This is the practice elsewhere in Great Britain, but the Scottish judiciary works differently, and the courts have found that publishing photographs as potentially harmful is harmful.
Professorin Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee comments: "Journalists seem to be crossing a dangerous line when they publish photographs of suspects.
The Crown Office, which is responsible for prosecuting, has hinted to journalists that at least until the prosecution no further comments will be made.
According to a leak, the document refers to the border dispute in which the Palestinians demand a reversal of the borders in the pre-1967 state.
Other issues, which are allegedly covered, include the future of Jerusalem, which is holy to both nations, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel wants a military presence in the Jordan Valley for ten years from the signing of the agreement, while the Palestinian Authority wants a five-year presence only.
The hunters accompanying the trial to control the plague should be closely supervised by rangers, since the trial has been monitored and its effectiveness assessed.
In a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc., a number of volunteers were recruited to assist with the hunting programme of the Sporting Shooters
According to Mick O'Flynn, the director of Park Conservation and Heritage at NPWS, the four selected for the first operation were given comprehensive security and training.
Martelly has today appointed a provisional electoral commission (CEP) with nine members.
It is his fifth CEP in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the resignation of the previous CEP as part of the package of measures to steer the country towards elections.
The Commission was the response to the widespread regime-critical protests that began in October.
The trigger for the sometimes violent protests was the failure to hold elections, of which some are due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating have been reported in iPods that have malfunctioned. In total, six fires have been set and four people have suffered minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had 27 accidents in connection with the devices.
Last week, the METI announced that it had received 34 additional reports of overheating from Apple, which it described as "not serious
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded by stating that the delay in the report by Apple was really regrettable.
The earthquake struck Mariana at 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday.)
The Office for Disaster Management in the Northern Marians said that no damage had been reported in the country.
Also, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had declared that there were no signs of a tsunami.
A former Philippine policeman has taken tourists from Hong Kong as hostages by kidnapping their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza shot with his M16 rifle at the tourists.
At least six confirmed dead have been rescued and there are currently at least six confirmed deaths.
Six hostages, including the elderly and children, were released, as well as the Filipino photographers, early on.
The photographers took up the place of an elderly lady as she had to go to the toilet. Mendoza was shot." #
Liggins followed in the footsteps of his father and became a medical doctor.
He went on to complete a training course as a maternity doctor and took up his post at the National Women's Hospital in
While working in the hospital, Liggins began to investigate premature contractions.
His research showed that the application of a hormone accelerated the lung development of the foetus.
Xinhua reported that investigators from the government on Wednesday recovered two "black box" flight recorders.
Ringer colleagues paid tribute to Luna as well.
Tommy Dreamer said: "Luna was the first queen of extremes. My first manager. Luna died in the night of the two moons. Very unique, exactly like she. A strong woman.
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels gave the following comment: "Luna was as crazy as I was... maybe even crazier... I love her and I shall miss her... hopefully she is in a better place.
Of the 1,400 people who were interviewed in the run-up to the 2010 federal elections, the proportion of those who opposed Australia becoming a republic has risen by 8 percent since 2008.
The temporary acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the election campaign for the federal election 2010, that she thought Australia would end up as a republic at the end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34 percent of those surveyed share this view and want that Elizabeth II is the last Australian monarch.
29 per cent of the respondents said that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent of them thought that Australia should never become a republic.
The gold medal winner at the Olympic Games should swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three-layer heats in the swimming, but because of his many complaints his fitness was doubted.
He was not able to take the necessary medication to alleviate his pain, as they are banned at the Commonwealth Games.
On 25 January, Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer scientist at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number.
Many people confirmed the discovery using different hardware and software in early February and on Tuesday it was announced.
Cosmic dust may have been a source of water supply for the Earth, together with organic matter that forms proteins and can enable life.
Cosmic comets collided with the earth in the past, so scientists hope to gain insights into how planets, in particular the earth, are formed.
Cuomo (53) took office earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He described the rumours as 'political nonsense'.
It is speculated that he may be seeking the presidency of the Council in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel and reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology instead of the older technology based on ground radar to enable the air traffic controllers to more accurately locate aircraft and to provide pilots with more accurate information.
There will be no additional transport facilities established and the underground trains will not stop at Wembley. There are no parking or parking-and-ride facilities available there.
With the fear of transport problems growing, the likelihood that the game would be played without the fans of the team behind closed doors grew.
A study published on Thursday in the Science journal reported the emergence of a new bird species on the Galápagos Islands.
Researchers at Princeton University in the US and the Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species had developed within just two generations, despite the previous assumption that this process took place due to the mating between a native Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be processed into a variety of forms. it can be rolled into tiny pieces.
It can be twisted into a thin wire, which can be bent and woven. It can be hammered or rolled into leaves.
It can be made so thin that it sometimes was used to decorate handwritten pictures, called pictures, called pictureshandschriften.
This is the pH value of a chemical. You can make a red dye with vinegar to make a test.
The carbon dioxide changes its colour depending on the acidity or alkalinity of the chemical.
The pH level indicates the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the tested chemicals.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have been removed from their electrons (because hydrogen atoms consist of a proton and an
Mix the two dry powders together and then form them into a ball with clean, damp hands.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, which feels strange and forms a protective layer.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had almost every house equipped with a flush toilet, which was connected to a
Remains of wastewater systems were found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China there were toilets. In Roman culture, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses, which men and women visited in mixed company.
If you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite in space receives the call and reflects it back down almost immediately.
The satellite was launched by a rocket into space. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts our light and our view.
It would take a gigantic rocket with a height of more than 100 feet to launch a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in a way that is impossible to describe. The greatest service it has given us is much easier and faster transportation.
It has brought us the railway, the car and many other means of transport.
In this category are medium-sized cats that eat prey of medium size, from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, there are many small cats (including free-roaming domestic cats) that eat much smaller prey such as insects, rodents, amphibians, rep
The secret of their success is the niche concept, a special task that every cat has and that ensures that they do not compete with other cats.
Lions are the most sociable cats. They live in large groups, which are called herds.
The herds consist of one to three adult males and up to thirty females and young.
Women usually have a close relationship with each other when they live in a large family with sisters and daughters.
The lions of the jungle act in a similar manner to wolves and dogs, animals that surprise the lion (but not other large cats) in their behaviour and are equally deadly to
As a versatile athlete, the tiger can climb (if not particularly well), swim, long distance jump and with the fivefold power of a strong man pull.
The tiger is in the same family (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that can roar." #
The roar of the tiger sounds not like the confident roar of the lion, but rather like a sentence of gruff grunted words.
Ocelot eat small animals. If they can, they steal monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds. Almost all animals that the ocelot hunts are much smaller than he is.
Scientists think that otters track animals for food (prey) with their olfactory sense and find them by sniffing where they have been.
They can see in the dark very well and move undetected. Ocelots hunt their prey by matching their environment visually and then leaping at their prey.
When a small group of animals (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it comes (for example, when they move over a mountain range or a river or when they move to a new island, so that they cannot easily return), they will often find themselves in a different environment than before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so that the new population needs to have different characteristics or adaptations in order to be a strong competitor than what it used to need.
The original population has not changed at all. it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, the new population adapts to their new environment, and then they look less and less like the other population.
After thousands or even millions of years, two populations will then look so different that they will no longer be classified as belonging to the same species.
This process is called specialization, and that simply means the emergence of new species. It is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe, and they take carbon dioxide out of the air that we exhale (that is, exhale).
Plants produce their food through photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We build our houses out of plants and make clothes out of plants. We eat mainly out of plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The Mosasaurus was the biggest predator of its time, so he feared nothing but other Mosasaurs.
His long jaws were equipped with more than 70 sharp teeth, including a second set on the tongue, which meant that there was no escape for any animal that crossed his path.
We do not know for sure, but he may have had a hooked tongue. He ate large fish, other Mosasaurs, and perhaps even a cannibal.
He grabbed everything that came into the water; even a big dinosaur like the T. Rex was not big enough for him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own share of strange or unusual meals, including wild boar, peacock, snails and a kind of lizard called the seven-headed snake.
Another difference was that the poor people and women ate their food sitting on chairs. The rich men held against sitting together at banquets, where they sat on the side while they ate their meals.
The Roman courts could not contain food that came from America or Asia in later centuries.
They had no wheat, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no Romans ever ate a goat.
The Babylonians built each of their gods a temple, which was regarded as the house of God.
Man offered sacrifices to the gods and priests tried to comply with the will of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had a public temple courtyard and then an inner temple courtyard, which was only accessible by priests.
Sometimes, special pyramid-shaped temples, called ziggurats, were built as part of the temples.
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East houses did not have such a great significance.
The most important part of the Jewish family's life was played out under the open sky.
The women cooked in the barn. Business consisted simply of open shop windows. For the house building, stone was used.
There were no large forests in Canaan, so that wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the old Norse legends, Erik the Red was exiled for murder from Iceland. When he travelled further west, he found Greenland and gave it the name Greenland.
But regardless of its discovery, Eskimo tribes lived there long before that.
Although all the countries were "Scandinavian", there were many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the film ‘The Templar Legacy’, you may think that on the back of the Declaration of Independence there was drawn a treasure map.
That is not true. Although on the back of the document is written something, it is not a treasure map.
The words 'original declaration of independence, dated 4 July 1776' were written on the reverse side of the document.
While nobody knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that the great scroll was rolled up at the beginning of its life to be stored.
It is possible that the labelling was added simply as a label.
The landing on D-Day and the subsequent battles freed the north of France, but the south was still not free.
He was ruled by the 'Vichy' French, who in 1940 signed a peace treaty with the Germans and worked with the occupiers, rather than fighting them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies landed in southern France; the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks, the Americans and the French liberated the south of France and turned towards Germany.
A civilisation is a distinctive culture shared by a significant number of people who live together and work, a society.
The word civilisation comes from the Latin civilis, which means civil, and civitas, which means city or city state and that also somehow defines the size of a society.
Cities are the precursors of nations. A civilised culture implies the transmission of knowledge over several generations, a lasting cultural footprint and an appropriate dissemination.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any significant historical evidence behind and fail to be recognised as genuine civilisations.
While the revolutionaries were fighting for the creation of a weak central government, the 13 states first formed a weak central government, which consisted of the Congress.
The Congress was not empowered to tax, and there was no national executive or judicial authority, so it relied on the authorities of the states, which often did not cooperate.
He had no authority to repeal tax laws and tariffs between States.
The articles required unanimous agreement of all Member States before they could be changed, and the States took the Central Government so little seriously that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team is the second most successful team in the world and was 2006 FIFA World Champions.
Favourite sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One motor racing.
Winter sports are the most popular in the northern regions and Italians take part in international competitions and Olympic Games.
Japan has nearly 7,000 islands (of which Honshu is the largest), making it the seventh largest island in the world.
Because of the cluster of islands, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
The beginning of Taiwan dates back to the 15th century, when European sailors passed by and recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa or beautiful island.
1624 the Dutch East India Company establishes a trading post in the south west of Taiwan, which leads to a change in the cultivation methods of the indigenous people and employs Chinese labourers on their rice and sugar plantations." #
In 1683, Chinese forces took control of Taiwan's western and northern coastal regions and declared Taiwan in 1885 a province of the Qing Empire.
The Qing government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895, in which it ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu is made up mainly of three buildings, namely the Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a better impression of how they looked originally.
Up until 1976, 30% of Machu Picchu was restored, and the restoration work continues to this day.
For example, 35 mm is the most widely used film format in the world, which corresponds to the end of the film era in the analogue era.
It is still made, but it is even more important that its format has been taken over by digital camera formats.
In fact, the 35-mm format is confusingly 36 mm wide and 24 mm high.
The ratio of this format (divided by twelve to obtain the simplest integer ratio) is therefore referred to as 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS format family, for example) have exactly the same or very similar aspect ratio.
The much-maligned and often mocked third-rail rule is a simple directive that creates dynamism and at the same time preserves order in a picture.
It states that the intersection of the lines that divide a picture vertically and horizontally is the most effective place for the main motif (see example)." #
In this period of European history, the wealthy and powerful Catholic Church was under scrutiny.
The Christian religion has united Europe despite the different languages and customs of the European states for over a thousand years.
His omnipotence ruled over everyone, from the king to the ordinary citizen.
One of the most important Christian beliefs is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty, and that it is the money of the churches that are there for this reason.
The central authority of the Church was in Rome for more than a thousand years. This concentration of power and money led many to doubt whether this principle was adhered to.
A few days after the outbreak of fighting in the region, Britain initiated a blockade against Germany.
The strategy proved effective, as it cut off the country from life-saving military and civilian supplies, despite this blockade violating the generally recognised principles of international law, which were codified in several international agreements of the last two centuries.
Britain contaminated international waters to prevent ships from penetrating whole oceans, which was a threat to neutral ships as well.
The response to this tactic was limited, and Germany expected a similar response to his unrestricted submarine warfare.
In the 1920s pacifism and isolation were the dominant attitudes of most citizens and countries.
After the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, the nations of Europe wanted to avoid another such situation in the future.
1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to work for the Edison Company in New York City.
He came to the US with 4 cents in his pocket, a book of poems and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelor (his previous boss) to Thomas Edison.
The old China had a unique way of showing different eras. Each era in China and each family in power was a separate dynasty.
The dynastic periods between the different dynasties also lasted unstable periods of divided provinces. The most famous of these periods was the period of the Three Kingdoms, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and the Jin Dynasties.
In these times, there were bitter wars among many nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The time of the Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died in the struggle for the highest throne in the great palace of Xi'an.
There are many social and political effects such as the use of the metrical system, a departure from absolutism towards republicanism and nationalism as well as the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a single ruler alone.
Also, after the Revolution, all professions were open to all male applicants, so that the most ambitious and best could succeed.
The same applies to the military, because the army rankings now used on the calibre.
The French Revolution inspired many oppressed people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in things that went beyond the everyday life. He often visited a cave known as 'Hira' on the mountain of 'Nur' (light) to meditate.
The cave itself has survived the times and is a lively picture of Mohammed's spiritual inclinations.
The cave is located on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca and is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it is not easy to find, even if you know that it exists. Once you are in the cave, you are completely isolated.
Nothing but the clear, beautiful sky and the numerous surrounding mountains can be seen from the inside of the cave. From the inside of the cave, very little of this world can be seen or heard.
The Cheops Pyramid is the only of the Seven Wonders of the World which still stands.
The Cheops Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century B.C., and it is one of many great pyramids structures built to honor the dead pharaohs.
The Giza Plateau or the 'Gizeh Necropolis' in Egypt's Valley of the Dead comprises several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
The great pyramid was built to honour the Pharaoh Cheops and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built to honour his wives and family members.
The "dressing" symbol looks like a V and the "dressing" symbol looks like a square, with the lower line missing.
Up means that you start at the top and you should be moving the arrow.
The brushing produces a softer sound, while the rubbing is more powerful and expressive.
You can add your own pencil marks; however, the printed lines are there for musical reasons, so they should be respected.
The King of France, Queen Marie-Antoinette, her two small children (Marie-Therese, 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, 4 years old) and Madame Elisabeth, sister of the King, were forced to return to Paris by a mob of market women on 6 October 1789.
They travelled in a carriage back to Paris, surrounded by a mob of people who threatened the king and the queen with threats.
The mob forced the king and queen to open their windows of their carriages.
Sometime later a member of the angry mob turned his head in the direction of a royal guard killed in Versailles.
The US imperialist expenditures in the Philippines were borne by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the colonial regime of the U. S. to cover the bulk of the expenditures, and the interest on the bonds flowed through the banks of Wall Street in the name of the Philippine government.
Of course, the superprofits that came from the continual exploitation of the Filipino people were the fundamental profits of US imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context in which the Order was founded.
The period in which the events took place is generally referred to as the Middle Ages, a period in European history that spans the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries (1000–1300 AD).
The Middle Ages preceded the Early Middle Ages, followed by the Late Middle Ages, which ended in approximately 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from the technology push or the technological imperative to the strict sense that the human fate is determined by a fundamental logic that is linked to scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
The most common interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas. On the one hand, that the development of technology is a process that is largely beyond cultural or political influence, and on the other hand, that technology itself has "effects" on societies that are more intrinsic than socially determined.
It can be said that the motor vehicle is a necessary precondition for the development of roads.
However, a national road network for only a small number of cars is economically unviable. Therefore, new production methods are developed to reduce the cost of owning a car.
The widespread ownership of motor vehicles also leads to an increased number of road accidents, which in turn leads to the invention of new technologies in the health sector for repairing damaged bodies.
Romanticism had a strong, cultural deterministic element, which was drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography was the key to individuals. Over time, customs and cultures developed with reference to this geography and these, because they were in harmony with the place of society, were better than arbitrary laws.
So, as Paris is the fashion capital of the modern world, so Constantinople was the fashion capital of the feudal Europe.
His fame as the epicentre of luxury began about 400 BC and lasted until about 1100 AD.
His status declined in the twelfth century, mainly because the Crusaders returned with gifts such as silk and spices which were considered more valuable than the offerings of the Byzantine markets.
At that time, too, the title of the world's fashion capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic architecture reached its peak between the 10th and the 14th centuries.
At the outset, the clothing was strongly influenced by the culture of Byzantium in the east.
However, the styles in the West are 25 to 30 years behind the rest of the world.
In the Middle Ages Western Europe began to develop a distinctive style. One of the most important developments of the time was the fact that people began to use buttons to fasten their clothing.
Needs management is agriculture that aims to produce as many food products as possible to meet the needs of the farmer or the farmer's family.
Subsistence farming is a simple, often biological cultivation method that uses surplus, locally grown seed and combines it with rotational farming or other relatively simple techniques to maximise yield.
In the past, most farmers practised subsistence farming, and in many developing countries, that is still the case.
Subcultures bring together people who feel neglected by social norms, and enable them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures may be defined by age, ethnicity, class, place and/or gender of members.
The characteristics that define a subculture as such can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual or geographical.
The members of a subculture often signal their membership by a distinctive and symbolic style, which includes fashion, habits and jargon.
One of the most common ways of illustrating the importance of socialisation is to rely on the few unfortunate cases of children who have not been socialised by adults because of neglect, misfortune or deliberate abuse during their childhood.
Wild children are called ""wild"" or ""wild."" Some wild children were taken from their parents (usually the parents themselves); in some cases, neglect was the result of the parents' inability to accept the severe intellectual or physical limitations of the child.
Wolf cubs may have suffered massive child abuse or suffered traumatic experiences before being abandoned or escaping.
Some have been reared by animals; others have lived alone in the wild.
If it was raised entirely by animals, the wild child displays behaviours (in the context of his physical capabilities) that almost completely match those of his specific carer, such as his fear or indifference towards humans.
Project-based learning should make learning more interesting and easier, but scaffolding goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method, but rather a support that helps individuals in a new learning situation such as when they are using a new computer program or when they are starting a new project.
Armatures can be virtual or real. In other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold, but also the little office stapler in Microsoft Office.
Virtual assistance is built into the software and should question, suggest and explain work steps that the pupil may not be able to manage alone.
Children are placed in foster homes for a variety of reasons, ranging from neglect to abuse to extortion.
No child should be forced to grow up in a home environment that is not caring, loving and educationally oriented, but many are forced to do so.
For us, the care system is a piece of security for these children.
Our family care system should provide a safe home, loving carers, a stable training and a reliable health care.
The care home should cover all the needs that they had not been able to obtain in the home from which they had been removed.
The Internet connects elements of mass communication, as well as interpersonal communication.
The specific features of the Internet have led to additional dimensions in terms of the benefit- and reward-approach.
For example, learning and socialisation are often cited as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
Personal engagement and sustained relationships were also identified as new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied the public reactions to websites.
The use of video recordings led to important insights into the interpretation of microexpressions, short-lived facial movements.
In particular, it is claimed that one can identify whether someone is lying by deducing the slightest changes in facial expression.
In his article The President's Speech Oliver Sacks showed how people with a brain injury cannot understand the honesty of people, but still can correctly assess it.
He even claims that the ability to interpret human behaviour may be shared with animals such as dogs.
Research in the twentieth century has demonstrated that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation causes new genetic variations and selection removes these from the pool of expressed variations.
Segregation and recombination mix the variation between the two pools with each generation in and out.
Out in the savannah it is very difficult for a primate with a digestive system like ours to meet its nutritional needs from available plant sources.
In addition, it has serious consequences if you do not take action: depression, malnutrition and ultimately death.
The easiest to access plant resources would have been proteins in leaves and legumes, but these are difficult to digest for primates like us, unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal foodstuffs (insects, termites, eggs) are not only easy to digest, but also provide large amounts of proteins that contain all essential amino acids.
In summary, it should not come as a surprise to us that our own forefathers solved their "protein problem" in the same way as chimpanzees in the savanna today.
Sleep compensation is the process of targeted wakefulness during the normal sleep periods and the subsequent short sleep (10-60 minutes) later.
This can be achieved by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up without completely waking you up.
If you are someone who imagines the alarm clock in your sleep, you can place it on the other side of the room so that you have to leave the bed to turn it off.
Another way of doing it is to drink a lot of fluids before going to bed (especially water or tea, which is known for its urinary-tonic effect), so that you have to get up to go to the toilet.
The measure of inner calm that a person possesses is inversely proportional to the degree of tension in the body and mind.
The lower the tension is, the more positive the existing life force. Everyone has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this objective is our own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it has been expanded to include the path of love of the Mahayana and numerous techniques of the Indian yoga.
The Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of universal love.
With Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (Kriya-Energie) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The centre of tibetan meditation is the god-yoga. By visualising various gods, the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the enlightened consciousness is born.
Germany was a common enemy in the Second World War, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the USA. After the war, the collision of systems, the course and culture led to the countries being at odds.
Two years after the end of the war, the former Allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
He should last for the next 40 years and be carried out in the real world by proxy armies on battlefields in Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On 17 September 1939, the Polish defence was already completely broken and the only hope was in a retreat and a reorganisation along the Romanian bridgehead.
The plans were quickly obsolete when 800,000 Soviet soldiers invaded the white Russian and Ukrainian fronts and created these after they invaded the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Pact, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact and other bilateral and multilateral international agreements.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is the most efficient means of transporting large numbers of people and goods over the seas.
The task of the navy has traditionally been to ensure that a country is able to carry people and goods and at the same time to hinder the enemy's ability to do so.
One of the most significant recent examples of this is the North Atlantic campaign in World War II. The Americans attempted to bring personnel and material across the Atlantic Ocean to help Great Britain.
At the same time, the German Navy tried to stop this traffic mainly by submarines.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have conquered Britain exactly as the rest of Europe.
It is thought that goats were domesticated in the Zagros Mountains in Iran some 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and peoples began to keep them as livestock to get easily at their milk, fur, skin and meat.
Sheep were usually kept in herds, wandering on hills or other pasture areas. They were usually cared for by shepherds, just like the more familiar sheepherders; often, it was children or adolescents. This grazing system is still
Since the 16th century, engineers have built railways on the lines.
Although the railway tracks consisted of only parallel wooden boards, they allowed the horses to pull the wagons faster and to carry heavier loads than on the rougher roads of the time.
At an early stage, barriers were introduced to ensure that the rails were not damaged." "Then, gradually, it became apparent that rails that carried a band of iron were more efficient.
This was the custom, but the iron made the wheels of the carriages more weary.
Finally, the wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first fully iron railway tracks were introduced.
The first known mode of locomotion was walking. The human species began about two million years ago with the emergence of the Homo erectus (which means "standing man").
Your predecessors, the Australopithecus, did not walk as regularly as they should.
Two-footed species are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2 to 3,9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can live more environmentally friendly, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even become activists to a little to alleviate the future suffering.
This is in many cases merely a symptomatic treatment. If you are not only temporary solutions, then we should dig to the roots and treat the malady.
It is really obvious that the world has changed due to scientific and technological progress and that the problems caused by overpopulation and extravagant lifestyles of people have become more serious.
After his adoption by the Congress on 4 July, a handwritten draft, signed by the Congress President John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson, was sent to the printer of John Dunlap some blocks away.
Over the course of the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, which are known as "Dunlap broadsides" today.
The first public reading of the document was given by John Nixon at the Independence Hall on July 8.
A copy was sent to George Washington on 6 July, which was read to his troops in New York on 9 July. A copy reached London on 10 August.
The 25 Dunlap broadsides that are still extant are the oldest extant copies of the document. The original handwriting has not survived the times.
Many paleontologists now believe that there is a group of dinosaurs that have survived and are still alive. We call them birds.
Many people do not see them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and fly.
But many things about birds still look like dinosaurs.
They have feet with scales and claws, lay eggs and run on both hind legs like a Tyrannosaurus rex.
Almost all computers used today are based on the processing of information in binary form.
A binary number can only have one of two values, either 0 or 1, and these are called binary digits - or bits, to use the computer jargon.
A possible internal poisoning can not be detected immediately. The symptoms, for example vomiting, are so general that you cannot immediately make a diagnosis.
The best sign of a swallowed poison is the presence of an open container of medicines or household chemicals.
Look for specific first aid instructions for this specific poison on the label.
The term 'waste' is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this insect group.
This term derives from the ancient familiarity with bedbugs. These are insects that are very adaptable to parasitizing humans.
So both bedbugs and fleas are nidicolous, that is, they live in their nests or in the homes of their hosts.
In the United States of America there are approximately 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), which is the most common neurological disease among adults aged between 20 and 40.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord, and the peripheral nerves.
Studies have shown that the risk of getting MS is twice as high for women as for men.
A couple can decide that it is not in their own interest or in the interest of their child to raise a baby.
The couples can choose to adopt a plan for their baby.
When a child is adopted, the biological parents give up their parental rights, so that another couple can take on the parental responsibilities.
The main aim of science is to discover how the world works. This method is in fact the basis of most scientific investigations.
It is not only about experimentation, where an experiment is a test which is intended to exclude one or more of the possible hypotheses. Scientific research is also guided by the questioning and observation of phenomena.
Natural scientists and philosophers concentrated on classical texts and, in particular, on the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on all sciences, including psychology, were accepted.
With the loss of Greek language skills, Western Europe was cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots in Greece.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are often the result of the presence of body-specific rhythms and their production by biological clocks.
A cycle-determined behaviours, which are not only reactions to external cycles, are known in most living beings, even in bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators which even in absence of external signals continue to oscillate in a free-swinging cycle.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the most significant evidence that DNA is a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages or viruses to insert their own DNA into a bacteria.
They took two experiments, one in which they either tagged the DNA of the phage with radioactive phosphor or a protein in the phage with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have different effects, depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the relevant piece of genetic material, and whether it is a germline cell.
Only mutations in germ cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can lead to cell death or cancer.
Natur-based tourism draws people to visit areas of natural beauty, including wild plants and animals.
Exemplary activities are hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
One example is the visit, photography and studying orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small provincial towns with their cars, in order to go to their workplace and are passed by other people whose workplace is at the place they just left.
In this dynamic pendulum transport, all are connected to a transport system based on private cars, and support it.
Now, the science has pointed out that this massive carbon economy has brought the biosphere out of one of its stable states, which has been the human evolution in the last two million years.
Everyone takes part in society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about the transport systems.
You will rarely hear complaints about the water quality or the collapse of bridges in developed countries.
Why are transport systems failing so often? Are transport engineers just incompetent? Or is something fundamental going on here?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that take place between them.
It is difficult to study traffic flows because it is impossible to predict the behaviour of drivers with 100% certainty.
Unfortunately, motorists tend to behave in a consistent manner; therefore, traffic flows have a certain consistency and can be represented mathematically in a rough way.
To better represent the flow of traffic, the relationships between the three main characteristics have been defined: (1) river, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relationships help in the planning, design and operation of facilities on the road.
Insects were the first animals to conquer the sky. Their ability to fly helped them to evade enemies more easily and find more food and mates.
Most insects can fold their wings along their bodies.
They have a wider choice of small boots in which they can hide themselves from predators.
Today, butterflies and moths are the only insects that cannot fold their wings.
A man named Aristarch claimed in the second century BC that the sun was at the centre of the movements of the solar system.
Many people thought he was right, but many believed the opposite: that the solar system including the sun (and even the other stars) revolved around the Earth.
It seems sensible, because it does not seem to be moving the earth, or?
The Amazon River is the second longest and the most water-rich river in the world. It flows more than eight times as much water as the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river in the world, partly up to six miles wide.
About 20% of the water that flows through rivers on our planet goes to the oceans.
The Amazon basin main river is 6387 km (3980 miles) long. It takes water from thousands of smaller rivers into it.
While the construction of pyramids from stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the Great Pyramid of Giza in its size and technical perfection never surpassed it.
Egyptians in the ancient New Kingdom admired the monuments of their forefathers, which were over a thousand years old at the time.
Vatican City has a population of around 800 people. It is the smallest independent state in the world and the country with the smallest population.
Vatican City uses Italian for its legislation and official communication.
Italian is also the everyday language of most of those who work in the State, while Latin is often used for religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
Basic chemical elements such as gold, silver and copper have been known to mankind for thousands of years, since these can be found in their original form in nature and are easily extracted and reused with primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, posited the theory that all things were made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements: earth, water, air, and fire.
This corresponded more to the four states of aggregation (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma. He also posited the theory that they would transform into new substances to form what we see.
The elements are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Do not forget that there are many elements in the periodic table.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are regarded as metals. Of course there are also other metals such as silver and gold.
There are also alloys containing low quantities of non-metallic elements such as carbon.
The universe is made up of matter in its entirety. All matter consists of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so small that billions of them would fit in the end of this sentence.
Therefore, the pencil was invented many people became good friends.
Unfortunately, the pencil has been supplanted by new writing methods, so that it has been pushed back into the background, and it has lost its status and
People write messages on computer screens these days without ever having to get close to a cursor.
We have every right to await with tense anticipation what will emerge from the keyboard.
The atomic bomb is based on the principle that energy is required to combine a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
Like if you were to roll a heavy car up a hill. When the core is split, some of this energy is released.
Some atoms have unstable cores, which means that they will break down even at the slightest provocation.
The surface of the moon consists of rock and dust. The outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
The crust is about 70 km thick on the near side and about 100 km thick on the far side.
It is thinner under the sea and thicker under the highlands.
On the near side, there could be more Maria, as the crust is thinner. It was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories focus on finding what people are interested in or attracted to.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that are acquired over time.
These theories deal with what motivates certain people to want exactly the things they do, and what influences them to do or not to do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs and Hertzberg's two-factor theory.
Generally, two types of behaviour can be observed when managers begin to lead their former colleagues. One end of the spectrum is the attempt to "stay one of the boys" (or one of the girls) or to become a manager.
This kind of manager has problems making unpopular decisions, carrying out disciplinary measures, carrying out performance appraisals, assigning responsibility and enforcing discipline.
At the other end of the spectrum, you become an unrecognizable individual who has to change everything as the team has done and takes everything for itself.
Lastly, the manager is responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behaviour often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are led by the same high-quality standards as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members have for their immediate physical group often the function of a contact point.
They often have greater autonomy than conventional team members, as their teams may meet in different time zones that may not be taken into account by the local leadership.
The presence of a truly invisible team (Larson and LaFasto 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of a virtual team.
The invisible team is the leadership team that reports to each member. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
Why would an organization take the time and expense to introduce an organisational learning concept? A goal for the practical implementation of organisational learning concepts is innovation.
If all available resources are effectively used by all departments of an organisation, creativity and ingenuity can arise.
In the end, the joint work of an organisation can lead to the overcoming of a hindrance to a new innovative process, to respond to customer needs.
Before an organisation can be innovative, the leadership must develop a culture of innovation as well as shared knowledge and learning.
Angel (2006) explains the concept of the continuum as a method to help organisations become more efficient.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognitive processes. This limits the research field and makes it much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
It is well known that various types of brain damage such as trauma, injuries and tumours can influence behaviour and cause changes in some brain functions.
New technologies are enabling us to see and understand certain brain structures and processes for the first time.
This will give us the materials we need to build simulation models that will help us understand the processes in our heads.
KI is strongly associated with science fiction, but is a fundamental branch of computer science, which deals with behaviour, learning and intelligent adaptation of machines.
Research in the field of KI includes the production of machines for automating tasks that require intelligent behaviour.
The examples are control, the setting up of strategies and timetables, the ability to answer customer questions and queries, and handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become autonomous disciplines that are focused on finding real solutions to the problems of the real world.
The artificial intelligence system is used today in many areas of industry, medicine, engineering and military and is also incorporated into numerous software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are an important part of every school. Often a teacher would like to take her pupils to places where a coach journey is not possible.
Virtual excursions are a technical solution. Pupils can view museum pieces from their classrooms, visit an aquarium or admire beautiful works of art.
Sharing a virtual trip is also a great way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet School in North Carolina design each year a website about their trip to the capital of the state. The website is updated each year, but the previous versions remain online and serve as a collection album.
Blogs can also help improve the writing skills of pupils. Although pupils at the beginning of their blog experience often have a sloppy grammar and spelling, this usually changes when there is a readership.
Students are often very critical audiences, so the blogger tries to improve his writing style to avoid criticism.
The blogging forces students to learn more about the world around them. The need to attract the audience's interest inspires students to write intelligently and interestingly.
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages pupils to continue learning outside of the traditional school day.
The appropriate use of blogs can help students to become more analytical and critical; by responding to Internet material, students can define their own positions in the context of texts by other and present their own perspectives on particular topics.
Ottawa is the charming, bilingual capital of Canada and is home to a number of art galleries and museums that present Canada's past and present.
In the south are the Niagara Falls, and in the north the untouched beauty of nature spreads out in Muskoka and beyond.
All these things and other characteristics make Ontario distinctive from the rest of Canada as viewed by outsiders.
The sparsely populated areas further north are almost uninhabited wilderness.
A population comparison that many surprises: There are more African Americans in the US than Canadian citizens.
The Indian Ocean islands are situated in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagaskar is by far the largest and, what the animal world is concerned, a separate continent.
Most of the smaller islands are independent nations or part of France and known as luxurious seaside resorts.
The Arabs brought Islam to the country, and in the Comoros and in Mayotte it was very successful.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route from Europe to India.
In the north, the region is bounded by the Sahel and the Atlantic Ocean to the west.
Women: It is recommended that all female travellers should declare that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Women should recognise that cultural differences can lead to what they regard as an assault and that it is not uncommon to be pursued, handcuffed, etc.
Keep your chin up, if you reject men, and don't be afraid to defend your position (cultural differences, or whatever; that does not mean that it is okay!)
Today, Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century BC and was used by the Ptolemies, the Romans and the Merinides as a strategic port with the name Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after a major earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan Sultan built the city as Dar el Beida again and it was called Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading posts there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
It is easy to find places in the old Medina where traditional Moroccan goods such as Tagines, pottery, leather goods, water pipes and a whole range of tinned food are sold, but that is all for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme eastern part of Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city, especially the city centre, underneath.
While Goma is relatively safe, it is important to plan your stay outside Goma carefully, in order to learn about the ongoing fighting in North Kivu.
The city is also the starting point for the ascent of the volcano Nyiragongo and for some of the cheapest gorilla tracking tours in Africa.
You can use Bodabodas (motorbike taxis) to get around Goma. The usual (local) fare is about FF500 for a short ride.
This in combination with its relative remoteness has made "Timbuktu" a metaphor for exotic, faraway countries.
Owing to its reputation as a tourist attraction and having a airport, Timbuktu is today a poor city.
In 1990, the threat of desert sand was added to the list of World Heritage sites in danger.
It was one of the most important stops on Louis Gates' PBS special, "Wonders of the African World.
The city stands in stark contrast to the rest of the cities of the country, because it is more of an Arab than an African feel to it.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the north-east of South Africa. It borders in the east with Mozambique, in the north with Zimbabwe and in
The park has an area of 19 500 km2 and is divided into 14 different ecosystems, each supporting a different animal species.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is regarded as the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As all national parks in South Africa, the park charges daily entry fees.
It can also be worthwhile to buy a wild card that allows access either to selected parks in South Africa or to all South African national parks.
Hong Kong Island is the namesake of the territory of Hong Kong and is the focus of many tourists.
The buildings that make up the Hong Kong skyline are compared to a shimmering bar chart that is visible through the waters of Victoria Harbour.
For the best views of Hong Kong, you should get off the island and head for the opposite shore of Kowloon.
The majority of the city formation of Hong Kong Island is concentrated along the newly acquired land along the northern coast.
That is the place that the British colonists have taken over. If you look for traces of colonial history in the area, that is a good starting-point.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forest in the world and extend over 80 km from the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland to the coast.
The Sundarbans were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the Sundarbans National Park.
The forests are not only mangrove swamps – they also contain some of the last remaining remnants of the mighty forest that once covered the Ganges plain.
The Sundarbans extend over an area of 3 850 square kilometres, of which a third is covered by water and marshes.
The Sundarbans are a nature reserve since 1966 and estimates indicate that there are currently 400 Bengal tigers and about 30,000 spotted deer there.
Buses run all day long from the district-wide bus station (on the other side of the river) and leave from there, with most buses leaving from Jakar/Bumthang between 06:30 and 07:30 in the morning.
As the buses are often full, it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Most districts are served by small Japanese coaster buses, which are comfortable and stable.
Taxi services are a fast and comfortable way to get to nearby places such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a curved cable bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two towers are 83 metres high, their length is 378 metres and they have two lanes with 3,50 m width.
The bridge's height is 15 meters. The construction work was completed in August 2011, but the opening for traffic was only completed in March 2017.
The bridge is expected to be fully operational by September 2017.
The Guaraní were the most important indigenous group that lived in the present-day East Paraguay. They hunted as semi-nomadic hunters, who also
The Chaco region was also the home of other indigenous groups, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering
Paraguay, formerly the province of West Indies, was formed in the 16th century as a result of the meeting of the Spanish conquistadors with the native
The Spaniards began the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
Since the founding of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has been able to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is well known for its polo team and its players being among the best in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at Las Cañitas Polo fields.
Small tournaments and competitions can be watched here at any time of the year.
Informations on polo competitions and ticket outlets for polo tickets can be found at the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP), whose value is fixed in accordance with the value of the British Pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged in the only bank in Jersey, which is located opposite the FIC West Store.
The British pound is generally accepted everywhere on the islands and at Stanley credit cards. Also US dollars are often accepted.
In the remote islands, credit cards are unlikely to be accepted, but British and US currency can be accepted; check with the owners in advance about the accepted payment method.
It is almost impossible to exchange the Falkland Islands currency outside the islands themselves, so you should exchange your money before you leave the islands.
Mendoza is south of the equator, so it is summer in the northern hemisphere and winter in the southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is in the subtropics. In the summer months, temperatures can reach +30 °C.
The winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely go below freezing, but wind and moisture lead to feeling colder than what the thermometer shows.
There are no distinct seasons of rain or drought: The amount of rainfall remains over the whole year in approximately the same.
Although many of the animals in the park are used to the sight of humans, the wild animals are still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
According to the instructions of the park authorities, visitors should be kept at least 100 Yard/Meter from bears and wolves and 25 Yard/Meter from all other wild animals.
Even if Bisons, Wapitis, Elches, Bears and all the great animals can act in a peaceful manner, it can still happen that they will turn on each other.
Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they do not take enough space. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so leave them enough space.
Be aware that odors attract bears and other wildlife. Avoid carrying strong-smelling foods or cooking them and keep your storage area clean.
Apia is the capital of the island of Upolu and has a population of less than 40,000 inhabitants.
Apia was founded in the 18th century and is the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The port was the scene of a shameful stalemate in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Great Britain refused to leave the port.
All the ships except one British warship were sunk. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans died.
While the Mau-Movement was organising the independence struggle, a peaceful meeting in the city led to the killing of the chief Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
In Auckland there are two harbours, so there are many beaches. The most popular beaches are located in three areas.
The beaches of North Shore lie on the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Most of them are sandy beaches with safe swimming areas and most offer shade, which is provided by the Pohutukawa trees.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located at the harbour of Waitemata, in the affluent suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are also family beaches that are sometimes overcrowded, with a beautiful promenade along the coast. Swimming here is safe.
The most important local beer is 'Number One'. It is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is 'Manta'.
There are many French wines to drink, but the New Zealand and Australian wines may be better tolerated.
Local tap water can be safely drunk, but if you are concerned, you will also find bottled water.
For Australians, the idea of coffee ""flat white"" is foreign. A small black is ""espresso"" and a cappuccino is served with a lot of foam (not with foam). Tea is served
The hot chocolate is Belgian standard. Fruit juices are expensive, but excellent.
Many trips to the reef take place all year round, and injuries caused by any of these causes on the reef are rare.
However, you should follow the Council's advice and pay particular attention to safety warnings.
Shrimps are common in the vicinity of beaches and in the vicinity of river mouths from October to April north of 1770. They can also occasionally occur outside this period
Sharks exist, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and would run away.
Saltwater crocodiles do not live in the sea, their primary habitat is in river mouths north of Rockhampton.
A reservation in advance gives the traveller the assurance that he will have a place to stay when he arrives at his destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, although you may also book other accommodation forms, such as tents, through a travel agency.
Travel agents usually offer packages in which breakfast, transport to and from the airport or even a combination of flight and hotel are included.
You can also hold your reservation for you if you need time to reconsider the offer or to obtain further documents for your destination (e. g. visas).
Any changes or requests should be made first to the travel agent and not directly to the hotel.
In some festivals, the vast majority of festivalgoers decide to camp out and most visitors consider this to be an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you must go early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that on some of the festival stages music will continue until late into the night, even though the music on the main stages has stopped.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern Baltic Sea in winter, check the position of the cabin, because breaking ice for the most affected is quite a disturbing noise.
Cruise ships also offer time for a stay in the city. Passengers are exempt from visa requirements (see conditions).
Casinos usually try very hard to keep guests for as long as possible and to spend as much money as possible. There are usually no windows or watches, and exits are sometimes difficult to find.
You usually have a special offer of food, drink and entertainment to keep the guests entertained and ensure that they stay.
Some casinos offer alcoholic beverages free of charge. However, intoxication impairs judgment, and all good players know how important it is to remain sober." #
Who wants to drive in high latitudes or over mountain passes, should be prepared for snow, ice and temperatures below freezing.
On icy and snowy roads, the liability is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
In very short time, so much snow can fall that you can't move.
The visibility can also be impaired by falling or drifting snow or by condensation or ice on the vehicle windows.
On the other hand, in many countries the cold and snowy conditions are normal, and the traffic runs all year round almost continuously.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
Safari" is a common term in the English language for a trip to Africa to see the incredible wildlife. It is especially used in the savanna.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach cars close, and the standard equipment enables a good view.
Lions, leopards and cheetahs are often shy and you can observe them better with a telescope.
A bushwalk (also known as a "bushwalk", "walking safari" or "footing") consists of a walking trip which can take several hours or several days." #
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held at other locations in Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Olympic Summer Games, after it already hosted the 1964 Summer Olympics.
If you have already booked your flights and accommodation for 2020, before the rescheduling was announced, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
The cancellation policies vary, but most of them were not in force until the end of March, for the Olympics were to be held in July.
It is estimated that most tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, a typical ticket will be ¥7,000.
Brushing wet clothes can help drying. Many hotels provide irons and ironing boards even if you are not present in the room.
If no iron is available or you do not want to wear ironed socks, you can try to use a hairdryer if one is available.
Be careful that the substance does not get too hot (it can shrink it or cause burns in extreme cases).
To clean water there are various methods. Some of them are more effective than others to prevent certain dangers.
In some areas, it is sufficient to boil water for one minute, whereas in others, it must be several minutes.
Filters vary greatly in effectiveness, and if you have any doubts, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter animal pests from their home regions that they do not know.
Infestation may destroy food, cause irritation or even cause allergic reactions, give poison or transmit diseases.
Infections as such or dangerous animals which can cause injury or death to humans are not usually classified as vermin.
Free trade is the opportunity to buy goods that are exempt from taxes and duties at certain locations.
Travellers whose destination country has a high taxation rate can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, in particular on products such as soft drinks and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmount on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway is the most challenging driving section, because it often leads through remote, unexplored terrain.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be careful: steep gradients, narrow roads and sharp bends predominate here.
The speed limits given are significantly lower than in the previous and following sections - usually between 35 and 40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and strict compliance with them is even more important than usual.
But interestingly, the coverage of mobile networks is much better here than in many other areas of the route, for example, the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German bread is very tasty. In Bavaria, it is very rich and varied, as well as in Austria.
Bread is widely available, with apples being boiled all year round and pears and plums being used in summer.
Many German cakes also contain nuts, almonds or other nuts. Popular cakes often go particularly well with a strong cup of coffee.
If you want to produce small, but rich baked goods, then try this, which is called in different regions as Berliner, pancakes or crêpes.
A curry is a dish that is based on herbs and spices, with either meat or vegetables.
A curry can be either dry or wet.
In the interior of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is usually used in curries; in South India and in some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is
With a selection of 17000 islands, Indonesian cuisine is a catch-all term for a large variety of regional cuisines that can be found throughout the country.
The term is used without further attributes, and refers to the food that originated from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Javanese cuisine, which is now widely spread throughout the archipelago, offers a variety of simple spiced dishes. As flavouring agents, the Javans prefer nuts, chilis, sugar (especially javan coconut sugar) and a range of aromatic spices." #
Stitching is a means of helping the horses' feet to hang down on both sides of the saddle.
They give the horse more stability, but there are security concerns because the feet of the horse may get caught in them.
If a rider falls off his horse and hooks his foot on the stirrup, he can be dragged along if the horse passes. To minimise this risk, a number of precautionary measures can be taken.
First of all, most riders wear boots with a heel and a smooth, narrow sole.
In addition, some saddles, in particular English saddles, have safety buckles which make it possible that a saddle strap falls off when it is pulled back by a falling rider from behind.
The Cochamó Valley - Chile's most important climbing destination, known as the Yosemite National Park of South America, with a number of large granite walls and -cliffs.
The summits offer a breathtaking view. Climbers from all over the world discover new routes along the walls, which offer endless possibilities.
Skiing and snowboarding are popular sports, in which you attach skis or a snowboard to your feet and descend a slope on a snow covered surface.
Skiing is a popular holiday activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes known as'ski-penners', who plan their entire holiday around the skiing at a particular place.
The idea of skiing is very old - cave paintings depicting skiers go back to 5000 B.C.
The origins of skiing as a sport go back at least to the 17th century and in 1861 the first recreational ski club in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backpacking with a backpack: This activity is also called skitouring or ski-wandering.
It resembles alpine skiing or mountaineering, but it does not have to be, as these are carried out in steep terrain and require much stiffer skis and boots.
Look at the ski route as a comparable hiking route.
In good circumstances you are able to cover a greater distance than you would on a walking holiday – only very rarely will you reach the speed of a skiing holiday without a heavy pack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has several independent countries. You would need to apply for multiple visas and go through multiple passport controls if you wanted to travel through several countries.
The Schengen area works in this respect a little like a country.
So long as you remain within this area, you can usually cross the border without having to go through the passport control again.
According to the agreement, you do not have to apply for a Schengen visa for each of the Schengen member states individually, which saves time, money and bureaucracy.
There is no universally accepted definition of what constitutes an antique. Some tax authorities define over 100 years old goods as antiques.
The definition has geographical deviations, where the age limit may be lower in regions like North America than in Europe.
Handmade products could be referred to as ‘antique’, although they are younger than similar products produced in mass production.
The reindeer breeding is a major source of livelihood for the Sámi and the culture around the trade is also important for many who work in other professions.
In the past, not all Sámi have kept reindeer in large numbers, but have lived mainly from fishing, hunting and so on.
Many Sámi work in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in Sápmi, the Sámi region.
Although the term 'Gypsy' is mainly used by non-Roma, it is often perceived as being offensive, since it is associated with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of the Roma." #
If you visit a country that has issued you a travel warning, your travel insurance or travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult the advice of other governments as your own. Their advice is aimed at their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may be confronted with other situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Consultations are only a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views expressed are often superficial, general and compared to the more detailed information that can be found elsewhere, are too simplistic.
Flooding is the umbrella term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that has the potential to cause damage, social disruption or loss of life.
Floods can occur anywhere in the world and there are different types of floods, depending on the geography, topography and the atmospheric conditions
Strong winds, hail, heavy rainfall and forest fires are forms and effects of thunderstorms, tornadoes, waves and hur
Regional and seasonal weather phenomena are, for example, blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms.
Tourists are strongly advised to be on the lookout for any type of weather that affects their area, since this can have a significant impact on all travel
Anyone planning to travel to a country that is a war zone should have a professional training for that.
A search for ""course on hostile environments"" is likely to show the address of a local firm.
A course covers most of the issues discussed here in a much more detailed way, usually combined with practical experience.
A course is usually for two to five days and includes role-playing, lots of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
There are many books and journals on survival in the wilderness, but few publications on war zones.
Travellers planning to undergo a gender reassignment operation abroad must ensure that they have valid identity documents for their return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with a non-specified gender (X) or documents that have been updated to reflect the desired name and gender is different.
The readiness of foreign governments to recognise these documents is expressed in quite different ways.
The searches at security checks have become more intrusive in the wake of 11 September 2001.
Transgender people should not expect that their privacy and dignity will be protected when they pass through the scanners.
River currents are the return flow of broken waves, often at breakers or similar.
Because of the underwater topology, the return flow concentrates in a few deeper areas and a rapid current can form there.
The majority of deaths are due to fatigue trying to swim against the current, which is impossible.
When you get out of the current, it is not difficult to get back in.
You should try to get somewhere where you are not caught again. Alternatively, you should, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, perhaps wait for rescue.
The shock of return is more severe than the culture shock (the honeymoon phase is not as pronounced), lasts longer and can be more serious.
Travellers who found it easy to adapt to the new culture find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after a long-term stay abroad, you have adapted to a different culture and have abandoned some of the behaviours of your home culture.
When you first travelled abroad, people were probably patient and understanding because they knew that travellers had to adapt to a new country.
Maybe it is not expected that returning travellers should be shown patience and understanding.
The sound and light show at the Pyramids is one of the most interesting attractions for children in the area.
You can see the Pyramids in the dark and while it is still quiet before the show begins.
Normally, one hears the sounds of tourists and sellers. The history of noise and light is just like a storybook.
The Sphinx is used as a background and narrator of a long history.
The scenes are shown on the pyramids, and the different pyramids are illuminated.
The Southern Shetland Islands, which were discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and have the most stations. In 2020, there were sixteen active.
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement Villa Las Estrellas.
Other islands are Livingston Island and Deception, where the overflowing caldera of an active volcano offers a spectacular natural harbour.
Elsworthland is the region south of the Halbinsel, which is bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the Halbinsel go here into the plateau and rise again, forming the 360 km long chain of Ellsworth mountains, which splits off from the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part or the Sentinel Range has the highest mountains of Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, whose highest peak is the Mount Vinson at 4892 m.
In remote areas without mobile phone coverage a satellite phone may be the only option.
A satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, because you have to be in clear sight of a satellite to make a call.
The service is often used by ships, including pleasure ships, and expeditions that require data and voice telecommunications.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give you more information about the connection to this service.
An ever more popular option for people who are planning to take a year off is to study abroad and take courses.
This is particularly popular among graduates, since it allows them to take a year off before university without affecting their studies.
In many cases, participation in an exchange programme can actually improve your chances of obtaining a higher education in your home country.
In most cases, a registration fee is charged for participation in these programmes.
Finland is a great destination for boat tours. The "Land of the thousand lakes" has also thousands of islands - in lakes and in archipelagoes.
For the archipelagos and seas, you do not necessarily need a yacht.
Although the coastal island groups and the largest lakes are actually big enough for every yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks offer a different experience.
Boating is the national pastime in Finland, one in six or eight owns a boat.
This is similar to Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, one to fourty.)
Most cruises to the Baltic Sea are for a longer stay in St. Petersburg in Russia.
This means that you can visit the historic city for several whole days while you stay overnight on the ship and return in the evening.
If you only go on a tour of the countryside, you do not need a separate visa (Stand 2009).
Some cruises offer Berlin as a destination in Germany. You can see on the map above that Berlin is far from the sea, and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Flying can be a terrifying experience for people of any age and from any life-stage, especially if they have never flown or have a traumatic experience behind them.
That is not something to be ashamed of: it is nothing but the personal fears and prejudices which many people have.
More about the workings of aircraft and the processes during a flight can help some to overcome their fear of the unknown or the feeling of being powerless.
Courier companies are paid well for the speedy delivery of things. Often, the time factor is a very important factor in corporate documents, trade goods or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes, however, the larger companies use their own aircraft, but on other routes and for smaller companies there were difficulties.
If they sent things via air freight, the loading and customs clearance could take several days on some routes.
The only way to get it through faster was to send it as unaccompanied baggage. The airlines' rules do not allow passengers to send luggage without a passenger.
The obvious way to fly first or business class is to put a wad of cash on the table (or, better still, to force your company to pay for it).
But that is not cheap: As a rough guide, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business and first class!
It is pointless to look for discounts on direct flights from A to B, even if you are looking for business or first class seats.
The airlines know very well that there is a certain core group of passengers who are prepared to pay a lot of money to be able to get to their destination quickly and easily and demand appropriate prices.
The capital of Moldova is Kishinev. The native language is Romanian, but many people speak also Russian.
Moldavia is a multiethnic republic which has suffered from ethnic conflicts.
This conflict led to the formation of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by any UN member state.
While the political negotiations failed, economic relations between these two parts of the Republic of Moldova were restored.
The most important religion in Moldova is the Christian Orthodox.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest harbour after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The once ancient city of Smyrna is today a modern, progressive and busy business centre, surrounded by mountains and located on a huge bay.
The wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping centres are shaped by classic red tiled roofs, the market from the 18th century, as well as old mosques and churches, although the city is more a feeling of the Mediterranean than that of traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík offers views of the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
On the cemetery there are some interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It is worth a half hour to wander through the fascinating village.
In the north and very close to it is the romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, which has been known to foreigners after Lord Byron described its beauty in vivid colours.
The Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly from Cabo da Roca to Sintra.
Visit also in the north the great shrine of Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima (pilgrimage centre) - a place which is world famous for its Marian apparitions.
Please think of it as a mass grave and a place of immense significance for a significant part of the world's population.
There are still many men and women who have survived their time here and many others who have survived with their families who were killed or worked to death, Jews and non-Jews alike.
Please treat this place with the dignity, respect and reverence it deserves. Don't make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Don't vandalise the site by painting or scratching it.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants speak Catalan more often, and most of them can speak Spanish.
Most of the signs are, however, only in Catalan, as it is legally declared as the first official language.
Yet Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other institutions.
Normal announcements are made in the Metro exclusively in Catalan, but unforeseen disturbances are reported by an automatic system in a number of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are said to be arrogant, rude and self-centred.
Although this is often just a misleading stereotype, you will find yourself in Paris much better if you behave like someone who is well-bred (well-bred). This will make your adjustment much easier.
The rough exterior of Paris disappears very quickly if you show basic manners.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, with mainly oak, fir and pine trees and it offers a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
He has a great variety of microclimates, different soils and different altitudes, which makes it possible to find a great variety of plant communities.
The area is also home to a very large variety of animal and bird species.
There are rare fauna like European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owls, foxes, wild cats and hens, as well as many more common species.
When visiting monasteries, women must wear skirts that reach to the knees and cover their shoulders.
In most monasteries there are no diapers for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own diaper, especially one in bright colors, the monk or nun will smile at you at the entrance.
By analogy, men should wear trousers that reach below the knees.
And these can be borrowed from the stock, but the clothes will not be washed after each user, so you may not feel comfortable in these shirts." For men there is a uniform size!
The cuisine of Mallorca is based, as the cuisine of similar areas of the Mediterranean, on bread, vegetables and meat (particularly pork) and uses olive oil.
A simple, popular evening meal, especially in the summer, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any available ingredient such as cheese, tuna etc.
All nouns begin with a capital letter beside the word 'you' for 'you' always, even in the middle of a sentence.
This is a very important way of distinguishing between some verbs and objects.
It makes reading easier, but writing is a little bit difficult because you have to decide whether a verb or a noun is used as the main word.
The Italian pronunciation is relatively simple, since most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The most important letters are c and g, as their pronunciation varies depending on the vowel following them.
Make sure you pronounce r and rr differently: caro means ""love"" while carro means ""car"".
The Persian language has a relatively simple and largely regular grammar." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
Therefore, reading this introduction to Persian grammar will help you to learn a lot about Persian grammar and to understand better the formulations.
If you speak a Romance language, it is obviously easier to learn Portuguese.
People who speak Spanish... could be quick to conclude that Portuguese is so similar that it is not necessary to learn it.
Ancient observatories are no longer in operation and are now used as museums or educational centres.
The problem of light pollution during its peak was not the problem it is today, but it was usually present in cities or on university grounds that were easier to reach than the newer buildings erected in the last few years.
Most modern research telescopes are colossal facilities in remote areas with favourable atmospheric conditions.
The viewing of the cherry blossoms, known as hanami, is a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The concept originates from China, where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
In Japan, the first Cherry Blossom Festivals were held by the Emperor for himself and other members of the imperial court in the surroundings of the imperial palace.
Plants look best in their natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove just one.
If you visit a formally laid out garden and collect samples, you will also be thrown out without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to live in, and after arriving almost everything can be bought.
As you are located in the extreme tropical regions and only a few degrees north of the equator, you will both experience heat (always) and strong sun (rarely).
There are also a few buses which go northwards to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives
Make sure that the bus you want to take is going to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kirjat Arba.
Inland waterways could provide a very useful basis for holiday planning.
For example, visits to castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or a cruise along the Erie Canal.
They also represent popular cycling and walking routes.
Christmas is one of the most important festivals in Christianity and is regarded as the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the traditions associated with the festival have been adopted by non-believers in Christian and non-Christian countries as well.
There is a tradition to spend the night at an open place to watch the sunrise.
There are obviously Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could also be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
Traditional churches often hold a midnight vigil on Saturday night, during the Easter weekend, when the celebrations of the community are often held at midnight, when the resurrection of Christ is celebrated.
All animals that came to the islands originally came either by swimming, flying or by coming ashore.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals were not able to travel, which made the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galapagos Islands.
Before the first humans set foot on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals were introduced, including goats, horses, rats, cats and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun does not rise over the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, as the sky is usually dark around the clock.
The sparsely populated areas and the light pollution are not a problem, so you can enjoy the starry sky.
The Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners might be used to.
Coats are a standard business attire and colleagues are known by their family names or job titles.
The harmony at work is of paramount importance, with the emphasis on group performance rather than individual achievement.
Many employees are expected to follow the orders of their superiors without question and to obey them without question.
