Now we have four-month-old mice, who no longer have diabetes.
according to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at the Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and chairman of clinical-scientific department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still in the early stages.
As with other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, October 9, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee, announced on Sveriges Radio that the committee had been unable to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize in Literature for 2016 and would not be contacting him again.
Danius said: “At the moment we don’t do anything. I called and sent e-mails to his closest employee and got very friendly answers. At the moment that’s all that’s needed.”
But the company’s founder, Jamie Sinofsky, noted that this company began with the fact that he didn’t hear the doorbell ring in his garage.
He said that created a doorbell that works from WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance on the show "Shark Tank" in 2013, where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the QVC trading channel.
In addition, Ring settled the dispute with its competitors, the security firm ADT Corporation.
While there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce mortality from Ebola virus, there is no evidence that any drug has shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed many promising results in this area, but official studies showed that it had less benefit in preventing death than was expected earlier.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control level, that is, the researchers used it as a baseline and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the US Olympic Committee and agrees that it is absolutely necessary to create a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that the interests of our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more closely correspond to reform within our organization, rather than cancellation of its certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would allow light to be shed on how such violence in such scales, so brazenly described by survivors of Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all appropriate and appropriate changes in this case." #
The United States Gymnastics Federation and the National Olympic Committee of the United States have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes can pursue their goals in a safe, positive environment and have all the rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski served as a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976 he was a consultant to Carter on foreign policy. Then from 1977 to 1981 he worked as a national security advisor, succeeding Kissinger.
As a National Security Adviser, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the signing of Camp David Accords in 1978, normalizing Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, formulating policy towards the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979
This film with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won nominations in all the main categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to the Best Picture, Best Director, Best Cinematography, Best Costume Design, Original Music, Original Sound, Original Screenplay, Sound, and Original Story nominations.
Two songs from the movie – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
President Donald Trump said late Sunday that the US military would leave Syria.
The statement was made after the phone call between President Trump and President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will take the main role in the question of protecting captured ISIS fighters, which, according to the statement, European countries did not agree to return home.
It also confirms that, at least, some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not available from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
The scientists say that the plumage of this animal was on top of a chestnut-brown color, and below it was either pale or had carotenoid pigmentation.
The find also allows us to get acquainted with the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed ridge, called rhaxis, but still have other distinguishing features — beards and beards — researchers came to the conclusion that rhaxis, more likely, evolved later by evolution.
The feather structure leads to the conclusion that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display." Researchers have suggested that although this is a young dinosaur tail, but in the sample is presented adult feathers, not feathers of a chick.
Researchers believe that despite the fact that this is a tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not feathers of a chick.
Yesterday morning, near the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey), a car was set on fire, killing 2 policemen and injuring more than 20 people.
The office of the governor said that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
The police said on Wednesday that the suspected militant of the Daesh (ISIL) was involved in the attack.
They have discovered that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: it has been established that all stars in the system are determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total luminosity and rotation are used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The smaller the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in respect to reversals of the magnetic field.
Iwasaki often got into trouble during his travels.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both frequencies – 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz." × 1
This will ensure its backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has a dual-receiver.
802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with maximum theoretical bandwidth of 600 Mbps.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
When Daniel Miller asked for comment, he said: "Mike talks a lot during hearings... I was prepared, so I didn't really listen to what he was saying.
We will strive to reduce carbon emissions per unit of GDP by 30% by 2020 compared to 2005 levels," said Hu.
He did not name the figure for cuts in budgets, saying that they will be made on the basis of the productivity of the Chinese economy.
Hu urged developing countries to "avoid the old system, in which they pollute first, and then clean up.
He added that "they should not be asked to take on responsibilities that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capability.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive branch in relation to Iraq and a strong call for immediate change of course.
The first recommendation is that the new diplomatic initiative should be implemented by the end of this year to strengthen Iraqi borders to prevent hostile infiltration, and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current senator and First Lady of Argentina Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, in the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the cost of providing material support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal" by President Bush.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that contracts for modernization works were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to attend the funerals.
The number of people present was so large that not all could get into the square where the funerals were taking place.
Large television screens were installed in different parts of the city and people could watch the ceremony.
Like these platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities in Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past policy of the FBI for the fact that it allocated a large part of resources to cases that are easy to be solved, especially on cases of car theft, with the aim of increasing the level of success
The Congress began funding the initiative to fight pornography in 2005 tax year and set that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to fight adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the most points in an inning: 70 runs in just 41 passes, deflected 11 turnovers and 2 steals.
The middle-infielders Tandulkar and Rahul Dravid performed well and earned a score of 100 points in tandem.
However, after the loss of the Captain's Gate, the Indian completed only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for the completion of innings.
The EFE reports that US President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore this morning at 7:00 am, starting his week-long tour of Asia.
His welcome was given by Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats on the mid-term elections, Bush announced that trade with Asia was expanding.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for a second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Layton in the Opposition Policy Committee
On the meeting with the Prime Minister, Leighton asked to make changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since the federal government intervened and took on the financing of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the state government and some members of the federal parliament have criticized this action as a ruse in the run-up to federal elections, which are
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that it was done only to protect the hospital from cuts by the government of Tasmania by providing additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest report, the data on the sea level indicated the approach of a tsunami. There was evident seismic activity near Pahoa and Niue.
From Tonga no reports of serious damage or casualties have been received, but power was temporarily cut off, which, according to the information available, did not allow the Tongan authorities to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC).
Thirteen schools on the Hawaiian Islands, located near the coast or on it, were closed on Wednesday despite the cancellation of warnings.
President George W. Bush welcomed this statement.
Gordon Johndroe, the spokesman for the Bush administration, said North Korea’s promise to "make a big step in the direction of achieving a verifiable nuclear disarmament of the Korean Peninsula" was a "major step in the right direction".
Today in the Atlantic Ocean formed a subtropical cyclone Jerry, it is the tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, Hurricane Jerry at the moment does not pose any threat to land.
A US Army engineer estimated that 6 inches of rain could have broken through the damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded at 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is now at least half-submerged because the levee, which is nearby, was not high enough to hold back the water.
Water flows over the dam on a 100-foot wide strip.
The administrator of Commons Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment in the deletions in his conversation with Wikinews last month.
He lied to us from the very beginning. Firstly, acting as if it was necessary to do so because of legal reasons. Secondly, acting as if he was listening to us until he was removed the images.
Public outrage led to the development of a regulation regarding sexually explicit content for this website, which contains millions of media content with an open license.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the curriculum was written to mimic observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
As the Moon attracts Earth, causing tides, so the Milky Way affects the galaxy in the Sagittarius.
The scientists concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, much of the dark matter around the Galaxy is in the form of an oculus and consists of a large number of
In the news reports on TV it is reported that white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station, to stay in the rooms, to turn off air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Japan Atomic Energy Agency, the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant had detected radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities assume that this indicates a possible leak and a possible rupture in the containers with uranium fuel located on the object.
In South Africa's KwaZulu Natal, Dr. Tony Moll found a highly resistant form of tuberculosis (XDR-TB).
In an interview he said that the new strain is "very concerning, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were health care workers in the hospital.
A person can infect 10 to 15 people in one year by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of patients with TB is still low; 6000 out of 330 000 infected in the current moment in South Africa.
Satellites, each weighing more than one thousand pounds and moving at a speed of approximately 17,500 miles per hour, collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists believe that the explosion that resulted from the collision was very powerful.
They are still trying to determine the extent of the collision and how much damage will be done to the Earth.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is searching for the wreckage.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The prosecution will be brought against a pediatrician who worked at the Pittsburgh Children's Hospital, Pennsylvania, after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, state officials in Ohio said.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found in Blue Ash (Ohio), a suburb of Cincinnati, about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He lay on the ground next to the road in a football shirt and underwear and, it
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found the body of 53-year-old Saroj Balasubramanian covered with bloody clothes.
The police said that the body, probably, was there for about a day.
First cases of the disease in this season was reported in July.
Transmitters are swine, from which the disease is transmitted through mosquitoes, and then to humans.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as the installation of traps for cattle in seriously affected areas, the distribution of thousands of mosquito nets and
The government also promised to provide several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines to the most affected areas in this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956 he moved to Sweden, where three years later he began working for Swedish Postal Company, and became their main engraver.
He has created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detailing that he is one of the few "collectable" names among philatelists. Some specialise only in collecting
His magnificent thousand-mark of 2000 is reproduced by the "Great Deeds of Swedish Kings" by David-Clecker Erich, which was included in the Guinness Book of Records.
In addition, he was engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his work are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada, denominated
After the accident Gibson was taken to the hospital, but died shortly afterwards.
The driver of the truck, 64-year-old, did not suffer injuries.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident on the same day approximately at 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage near the place where the accident occurred said: ‘There were children standing there waiting to cross the road. They all cried and wailed.’
All ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda at Bali include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technology to help developing countries with lower environmental impact.
The UN also hopes to complete the creation of a fund to help countries affected by global warming to combat its consequences.
These funds can go towards building houses that are resistant to floods, using water more efficiently and diversifying crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to such a conclusion because of the numerous positive comments and support she received from both women and men, who said that contraceptive pills should be considered as a medical necessity.
When the fight ended, after the injured were taken to the hospital, more than 40 prisoners remained in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to correct the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are not clear.
At 10:00 pm in the evening, prisoners set fire to the yard.
In a short time, the guards in protective gear passed into the yard and locked the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
The fire was extinguished at 23:35 by a fire brigade.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, the seasonal floods, spreading deposits, stopped.
This sediment was required for the formation of beaches and pebbly shores, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two species of fish, and two others, including the toothed pike, were put on the list of endangered species.
Although the water level will only rise by a few feet, the authorities are hopeful that this will be enough to restore the sandy beaches below the river.
There were no tsunami warnings and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunamis, as the earthquake’s magnitude was not greater than 6.5.
In spite of the absence of tsunami threat, the people began to panic and leave their offices and homes.
While she was ready to shed a tear during the farewell, she gave a clear indication to her fans that she would return.
It won’t be a farewell. It’s the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia were announced by the acting president, who won the election with a large majority.
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) in South Africa’s Western Cape province has retained its majority in parliamentary elections.
The coalition and Afghan forces moved to the area to protect the target and another aircraft was sent to support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is believed that it was the result of enemy fire.
Scouting attempts to locate the crash site encounter bad weather conditions and a difficult terrain.
Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization have said that this is the worst outbreak in the country's history.
The representative of the organization "Doctors Without Borders" Richard Virman said: "Angola is going to its worst outbreak in the last ten years, and the
The matches began at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not counting the drizzling morning rain, which quickly passed, it was an ideal day for rugby-7.
The favourites of the tournament from South Africa started with a correct note, when they won the beautiful victory with the score 26-00 over Zambia, which is on the 5
Looking more and more like a team of southern sisters, South Africa still improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defence, mastery of the ball and excellent teamwork, and it was clear that to beat this team was not easy.
Officials of the Amsterdam authorities and the Anne Frank House Museum say the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public danger because there is a direct threat of its
His plan was to be cut on Tuesday, but by a special court order it was saved.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were called "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100 to 250 meters (328-820 feet)." #
According to the infrared images of the night and day temperatures, it is most likely caves.
Their surface temperatures are colder than the surroundings, and at night they are warmer.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of the large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they correspond to the deep pits in the ground, - said Glenn Cushing, a planetary geologist with the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted low-tech methods: the voter is locked in a booth and drops a pre-printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate chosen, into the envelope.
After the officials assure the identity of the voter, he shall drop the envelope in the voting box and sign in the voters register.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988, the ballot boxes shall be transparent so that voters and observers can be sure that at the beginning of voting there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes added to them other than those of those people who were allowed to participate in the voting and were counted properly.
Candidates can send their representatives to observe the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision according to a special procedure.
The Eee PC range, previously presented in all over the world with an emphasis on cost-saving and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market for laptops will change radically after the awarding of ASUS Taiwan Excellence Award for stability by the People's Republic of China in 2007
The station’s site describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted vision!".
In the beginning of its existence, this show was broadcasted only on the website of an online radio TogiNet Radio dedicated to radio discussions.
At the end of 2015 TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The first time the show was acted by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, the looting continued all night, because there were no police officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being plunged into anarchy, since groups of people ran through the streets and looted shops with consumer goods
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of lawlessness.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three Nations Cup on the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg,
The final score was a one point victory, 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks' winning streak in 15 games.
Spingbox" has broken a five-match losing streak.
This match was the last for the "All Blacks", who had already won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be played in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the next week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
The USGS and its National Seismic Information Center have had no immediate reports of damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 kilometres (15 miles) north-east of Dolon and about 65 kilometres (40 miles) south-east
The French government has confirmed that a dead wild duck found in a marsh near the city of Leon in the east of France was infected with the H5N1 avian
France is the seventh country in the European Union, which has been affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
The German philosopher, who was a member of the German parliament, filed a lawsuit against God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
The agnostic Hume asserts that his lawsuit is "merely a frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone.
The story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, tells of a painter who is "driven by love of drugs and Japan.
In the end, the actors smoke marijuana on the stage, and the Theatre encourages the public to join in.
“It’s a rare thing for members of Congress to go against the money these days,” said Mansur Gidfar, spokesman for the anti-corruption group Represent.
After the results were announced, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he was very rude about Romney, the candidate for whom in Iowa was being broadcast negative information against Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today’s party convention and determine whether to continue his campaign.
Bashman, who won the August poll in Ames, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to a medical center in Los Angeles, where he later died.
According to the report, he was 20 to 30 years old. Bieber said: "I was not present at the tragic incident and not involved directly in it. My thoughts and prayers with the family of the victim.
A website called TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the stop by the police, before he crossed the street and continued. The police officer in California who stopped the traffic twice had to order him to go back
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer is likely to not be charged with a criminal offense.
Given that one could win only eighteen medals in the day, several countries were not able to be crowned on the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Anna-Lena Jöchs, who finished ninth in the women's standing slalom yesterday, and Finland with Kaisa Saarijärvi, who finished tenth in the same event.
The Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish line eleventh in the men's supergiant race standing. Czech Ondrej Elinek came to the finish line sixteenth in the men's standing supergiant race.
Aly Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the super-giant standing. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the standing super-giant.
The Polish skier with a visual impairment Maciej Krezel and the athlete-leader Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the super giant among men in sitting position.
UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake are accused of spreading a disease that began nearby their military camp.
As the court states, the waste from the UN camp did not pass proper sanitation, resulting in bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of the largest in Haiti.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy cited an independent study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti was responsible for bringing the Ebola virus to the country.
Daniel Lantan, UN expert on this disease, said that the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the University of Harvard in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of infection with Ebola virus have been reported.
The hospital was followed the infection control protocol, including separate care of the patient, to prevent possible infection of other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on various positions on several shows.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "The Happy Company" and "Tressie Ullman Show.
In 1989, together with Brooks and Groening, he helped create "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for that show.
While he left the show in 1993, he remained a producer and still received millions of dollars in salary each season.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that the plane was hijacked.
Later, it was reported that a bomb threat had been received on the plane and it was re-routed back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In early reports, it is said that the plane returned to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air accidents are a common occurrence in Iran, where the country's aging fleet of aircraft is poorly maintained for civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of purchasing new aircraft.
As a result of the crash of a police helicopter, three people were killed and three others were injured.
Last year in Iran, the worst air disaster in years occurred when a plane carrying 168 people from Tehran to Armenia crashed, killing all on board.
The same month another plane crashed outside the runway in Deh-e Qāī and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts on their tour.
The rock band was touring across the USA and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after the lead singer Steve Tyler got injured during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving 100% of the points in the set.
Del Potro had a 4-2 lead in the second set, but the tie-break was required after the score was 6-6.
At the moment, Potro was given first aid for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The programme began at 8.30pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of the Lord Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanjee Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chaudhary. He was accompanied by singer Raju Khandelval.
Lakh Singh took the lead in singing bhajans.
The grandma was served 108 chappa-bhog (in Hinduism — 56 different dishes, including sweets, fruits, nuts and other dishes, presented to the god
Lakkha Singh sang the bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bhajan bha
President Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new Nintendo Revolution at the main presentation of the "Tokyo Game Show" in Thursday.
In the controller, which looks like a TV remote control, two sensors are located next to the TV set of the user, which calculates his position in three-dimensional
By moving the device in the air, players can control the actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso in the result of damaged suspension, received during numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings," he said, referring to the press conference transcript.
I was completely sincerely moved every time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after launch, the cockpit camera showed how many pieces of insulation foam flew off the fuel tank.
However, it is assumed that they did not cause any damage to the rocket.
The head of the shuttle program at NASA, Neil Van Dyke, Jr., said that the foam broke off "after a period of time that causes our concern.
The sky darkened, the wind picked up, and the rain began to fall. Within five minutes the sky was dark, the wind was blowing at 70 mph, and the rain began to fall. Then the rain came down in sheets, like needles, and people were running for cover.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two wheelchair-bound people, people just jumped over them and pushed them," said Armand Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in the prefecture of Niigata, continued to operate as normal.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. said there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that the reactors No 1 and No 2 on its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to reports, about 9400 homes in the region have been without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, railway traffic has been interrupted in the affected areas, and the airport in Ishikawa prefecture is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the governor's office.
Three more bombs exploded near Government buildings in the course of two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals that died after eating contaminated food for animals, there were also found cianuric acid and mela
The researchers at the University of Utah reported that these two compounds form a reaction, forming crystals that can block the kidneys
The researchers observed crystals of calcium oxalate and urine of cats when adding cinnabar and urine of rats when adding
In the infrared Fourier spectroscopy, the crystal structure of these crystals corresponds to those found in the urine of the infect
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America were imported into this country without paying any
However, eighty percent of our goods were taxed according to tariffs in Central America.
It didn't seem to me to have any meaning; of course it wasn't fair.
I speak to men that they shall be treated as they treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law banning the sale or rental of violent video games to under-aged persons.
The law requires that computer games with violence sold in the State of California with a sticker on which is written "18", and that sale of games to minors is punished with a fine of $1000 for each violation.
Today, at about 7:30 a.m., the prosecutor general of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Mr. Kier Starmer, made a statement about the criminal case against the two men.
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Minister Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister of Business.
Huhn and Price must appear before the Magistrates' Court in Westminster on February 16.
Nicholas Alder, 25 years old, and Zacharie Caddeback, 21 years old, were killed. Caddeback was a driver.
Edgar Virgil received a closed head injury, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
The weapon of the Uki failed when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind in one eye, his head has been reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider gave statements via video link from the US Air Force base in his home country.
In addition to competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter took part in two individual competitions on the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in the first race which she did not get to the finish line. 36 of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In the other race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the position of sitting with combined time 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 slower than the ninth-placed
In the women's sitting group four skiers were not able to complete their runs, and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom were not able to occupy places in the race.
The police in Madhya Pradesh state returned the laptop and mobile phone stolen.
The Deputy General Inspector D. K. Aryan said: "We arrested five people who raped the Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The defendants have names, such as: Baba Kandhar, Bhuta Kandhar, Rampro Kandhar and Vishnu Kandhar.
Chief of Police Chandra Shekhar Solanka said the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although in the building at the time when the car crashed into it, there were three people, no one was injured.
But the driver received serious head injuries.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed, while the emergency services freed the driver of the red Audi TT.
He was initially admitted to James Pede's hospital in Great Yarmouth.
After that he was transferred to the hospital Addenbrooke in Cambridge.
The Earl of Adélaïde was charged with the murder of her son.
She is under arrest awaiting the verdict and the trial, however, any statements made by her may be distorted, since her popularity was widely used by the media.
This is a common practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish judiciary works differently, and courts have considered the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson from the University of Dundee notes that "journalists, it seems, are really walking a dangerous line, publishing photographs and other information about suspects.
The Royal Prosecution Service, which is responsible for prosecuting, said that no further comments will be made at least until the verdict is handed down.
A document, according to a leak, will deal with the dispute over the borders that the Palestinians want to establish on the basis of those that existed before the start of the Six-Day War
Other topics touched upon, as reported, include the future status of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both peoples, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PNA is willing to maintain such presence for five years.
The archers who took part in the supplementary test on pest control were under the close supervision of rangers, because this test was being monitored and evaluated.
In the framework of the partnership between NPWS and the Australian Sports Shooting Association (NSW), volunteers were recruited for the hunting programme of the Association.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Department of Wildlife and National Parks, four hunters selected for the first hunter operation have been trained and briefed on safety.
Yesterday, Marchetti appointed a new Interim Electoral Council (IES), comprising nine members.
This is the fifth CEP Marty for the past four years.
Presidential Commission recommended the previous Temporary Election Council to resign as part of the package of measures for moving the country towards new elections.
The Commission was a response to the mass protests against the state regime that began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the non-conducting of elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPod devices, resulting in six fires and four people suffered minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week, the Ministry of Economy, Labor and Industry informed Apple of 34 additional cases of overheating, which Apple called "minor.
In response, the Ministry of Industry and Trade said the delay in the report Apple was "very unfortunate.
At 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a major earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said there were no reports of damage caused by the earthquake.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there were no signs of a tsunami.
Former Philippine police officer stole a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza shot from his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six were rescued, and at least six were declared dead at this time.
Five hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier than the other hostages.
The photographers took over the position of the old woman, because she had left the stage. Mendoza was shot." #
Liggins followed in the footsteps of his father and began his career in medicine.
He received a medical degree and began working in the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When Liggins worked in the hospital, in his spare time he began to investigate premature births.
His study has shown that if you inject the hormone, it will increase the development of the lungs of the fetus
As reported by Xinhua, on Wednesday, the government investigators found two flight recorders or, in other words,
The wrestlers also paid tribute to the Moon.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Dustin "Gault" Rannels said: "The moon was as crazy as I was... Perhaps even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place.
Of 1,400 people surveyed in the run-up to federal elections in 2010, the number of those who are opposed to Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008.
The acting prime minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of queen Elizabeth II.
34% of respondents agree with this view and want the Queen Elizabeth II to become the last monarch of Australia.
The poll showed that 29 percent of respondents believe that Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent think that it is not necessary for Australia to adopt this form of government.
Olympic gold medallist was supposed to participate in the 100 and 200m freestyle races and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He could not take the medications required to relieve pain, because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the Central Missouri University, on January 25th, opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, a few people confirmed that they had opened the store using various hardware and software.
Maybe comets were the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that could form proteins and support life.
Scientists are hoping to figure out how planets form, especially how Earth formed, because comets have collided with Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumonosu started his political career in January this year and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in February.
He called these rumors "political chatter and nonsense.
It is expected that he will run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration, will allow planes to fly on reduced routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, as well as reduce carbon emissions.
She uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground-based radars, which will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
The station is not accessible by public transport, there are no parking spaces and no off-site parking facilities.
Fears about the lack of transport led to the assumption that the Games may have to be held behind closed doors without fans.
In the description of the study published in Thursday's Science, it is said that a new bird species has been discovered on the ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from the University of Princeton (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) have reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's finch Geospiza fortes with the introduced conirostris finch Geospiza conirostris, a
Gold can be molded into any shape. It can be cast into very small shapes.
It can be drawn thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be plated or drawn in rolls.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used to decorate painted illustrations in books - the so-called "face-painted manuscript".
This is called pH of the chemical substance. You can make an indicator by using the juice of red cabbage.
Cabbage juice changes color depending on how acidic or alkaline the chemical is.
The pH-value of a chemical compound is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H) in the solution.
Ions of hydrogen are protons, separated from their electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
Get a new mixture by mixing two dry powders in one container, then using clean damp hands to form a ball from this mixture." #
Water on your hands will react with the top layer, which will look unusual, then form a protective shell.
Almost in every house of the towns Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro was a toilet with a flush, connected to a
The remains of the sewer systems that survived were found in the houses of Minoan cities on the islands of Crete and Santorini
Toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths where men and women were washed together.
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use satellite.
The satellite in space receives a call and immediately reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because Earth's atmosphere distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or a telescope, you need a huge rocket that can lift more than 100 feet.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing it has done for us, is given us a much easier and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, car and many other transportations.
Under them are more cats of medium size, which eat small game from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
Their secret of success is the niche concept, a special work which each cat performs, which keeps it from competition with other cats.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups called prides.
The pride usually consists of 1-3 males and 1-10 females.
The females usually live together in close kinship and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
The lion prides behave very much like packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are remarkably similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their victims.
Being a complete athlete, tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump over long distances and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same family (Panthera), as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger's roar is not like a full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a word-clattering.
Ocelots love to eat small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will catch monkeys, snakes, lizards, and birds. Almost all animals that the ocelot hunts are much smaller than him.
The scientists believe that the otters follow the tracks of animals and find the prey by smell, tracking its movements on the ground.
They are very good at seeing in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable when moving. Ocelot stalk their prey, blending into the surroundings, and then attacking their prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment from that in which they were previously.
This new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes compared to those it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed much — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, as the new population begins to adapt to the new environment, it progressively becomes less and less like the rest of the population.
Over time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that it is the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, which is the result of the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential consequence and a very significant part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe and absorb carbon dioxide that we exhale.
Plants graze off the sun by photosynthesis. They also cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
Mosaic was the most dangerous predator of his time, so he did not fear anyone but other mosaics.
His long jaws were full of more than 70 sharp teeth, and there was a second row on the tongue, so that those who met him were doomed.
We don’t know for sure, but it is possible that his tongue was split in two. He ate turtles, big fish, other crustaceans, and he could have
He also attacked all that entered into water; even the giant dinosaur, such as Tyrannosaurus, could not compare with him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes, served during banquets. For example, the deer, the peacock, the snails and the so-called mole rats were
There was another difference: while the poor people ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have joint feasts, during which they ate, lying on their sides.
The Romans' diet could not include products that were imported into Europe from America or Asia in the following centuries.
In particular, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had ever tasted beef.
Babylonians built each god a main temple, considered to be the dwelling place of the god.
People sacrificed to their gods, and priests tried to please the gods on ceremonies and festivals.
Each church had a courtyard and an inner sanctuary, into which priests could enter only.
Often, as elements of the temple, were built special towers in the form of pyramids called ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special sanctuary for the god.
In the warm climate of the Near East, the house did not have any special significance.
Most of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the courtyard; the shops were open shelves, which face the street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
There were no great forests in the land of Canaan, so the wood was very expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the Scandinavian sagas, it is said that Erik the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder, and moving further west, he opened Greenland and gave it
But regardless of his discovery, there were already people living in the area.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you watched the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you may think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence depicted a map of treasure.
But that is not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, it is not a map of treasures.
On the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence, the text reads: "This Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4, 1776." The text is written on the bottom and upside down
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that the scroll was folded for easier storage.
So it seems likely that the note was added just as a reminder.
The operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles liberated the north of France, but the south of France was still not liberated.
He was under the control of the "Vichy" French. These French, who signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940, worked together with the invaders instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The operation was named "Dragon
In just two weeks, the Free French and the Americans liberated southern France and headed for Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the carriers of which are a relatively large group of people, living and working together, society.
The word 'civilization' comes from the latin word 'civis', which means 'citizen' and is related to the latin words civis, meaning 'citizen', and civitas, meaning 'city' or 'city-
Cities-states are the precursors of nations. Civilizational culture involves the transmission of knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable cultural diffusion.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any historical evidence, and so cannot be recognised as genuine civilizations.
In the American Revolution, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no powers to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial power, it relied on the powers of the states, which often refused to cooperate and did not enforce all its acts.
He also did not have the power to override state tax laws and rates.
To amend the articles requires the unanimous approval of all the States, but the States have so disrespectfully treated the central government that their representatives seldom attended." #
The Italian national football team, alongside Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup.
The most popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, motorsport, golf, and Formula One.
Winter sports are most popular in northern regions. Italians from these regions take part in international competitions and Olympiads.
In Japan there are approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Honshu), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its geographical location, Japan is often called an archipelago.
Taiwan's origins are much older than that, in the 14th century, when European sailors passing by recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their rice
In 1683, the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire.
The coup was soon suppressed by Yuan Shikai, a Qing general who led the Chinese military in Korea. However, Japan, using the coup as an excuse, signed the Convention of Tientsin with
Machu Picchu is composed of three main structures, namely the Inca temple of the Sun, the Temple of Three Windows and the Inca room.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a more accurate idea of how they looked originally.
By 1976 restoration of 30% of Machu Picchu was completed. Restoration works are still going on.
For example, the most common format for static photos is 35 mm, and this was the dominant size of film on the day of the analog era.
Today, despite the fact that it is still produced, it is more important that the ratio of the dimensions of the images of digital cameras inherited.
The 35 mm format is a little confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into twelve, so that the ratio is small in whole numbers. This is the ratio that is commonly used.
Many popular formats (such as the APS family of formats) are close to or equal to these proportions.
Used too often and at times mocked, the rule of thirds is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while preserving a certain degree of order
It says that the best place to put the main object is on the intersection of lines that divide the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see the
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church became rich and powerful, and was the object of intense scrutiny.
Christianity has united European states despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her omnipresent power touched everyone - from the King to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to relieve suffering and poverty, and that the church's money exists for this purpose.
The center of the church's power was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led to the fact that many doubted whether this dogma was being observed." #
In a short time after the start of the war Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, even though this blockade violated all-around international laws, laid out in several international agreements over the past two centuries.
Britain has detonated mines in international waters to prevent ships from entering entire sectors of oceans, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because of the cautious reaction of Germany, she expected such a reaction on her unhindered submarine operations.
In the 1920s, among the majority of citizens and nations, there were such sentiments as pacifism and isolation.
Learning about the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, states wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted a job offer from the company Edison in New York City.
He came to America with four cents in his pocket, a book of poetry, and a recommendation from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison." #
The ancient Chinese used a unique way of denoting periods of time; each stage of China or each family in power was a special dynasty.
In addition, there was a great division and instability between the reigns of each dynasty. The most famous period of the Three Kingdoms was 60 years during the Han and Qing dynasties
In this period there were fierce battles between many noble people, fighting for the throne.
The period of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient China. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in the great palace in Xian.
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of the metric system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people,
Also after the Revolution opened up opportunities for work for all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
It’s the same thing when you join the army, because ranks have been based on qualities, not on the origin of the person.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that did not concern mundane life. He often visited the cave known as Hira on Mount 'Nur' (light) for reflections.
And the cave which is standing up to nowadays, very vividly tells us about the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on top of the mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to detect even to those who know about its existence. In the cave, the man is isolated from the outside world.
There is nothing but pure and beautiful sky above you and the multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World that still exists today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE and is one of the many great pyramidal structures built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
Giza Plateau, or the Necropolis of Giza, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
Great Pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Cheops, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of the wives of Cheops and his relatives.
The movement of the hammer's screw is represented by V, while the movement of the hammer's screw is represented by a square or a box without a bottom.
Up" means to start with the tip and move the bow forward, and "down" means to start with the place where your hand holds the bow and move it back.
The junction movement up produces a softer sound, while the junction movement down produces a stronger and more forceful sound.
You can draw your own brushstrokes, but remember that the brushstrokes are printed for musical reasons, and they usually have to be followed.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowds of women from the market forced the return of the King, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King, Madame Elisabeth
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd of people forced the King and Queen to widen their windows.
One of the crowd waved his hand to the guardsman killed in Versailles, on the eyes of the terrified queen.
The American imperialism’s military expenditures on the Philippines paid for themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and the interest on the bonds that were moved by the government of the Philippines through banks in
Of course, the profits derived from the long exploitation of the Filipinos were the main source of American imperialism’s income.
To understand the Templars, you need to understand the context in which they were created.
The period in which these events took place is called the High Middle Ages, a period of European history that covers the period from 1000 to 1300 AD (1000 – 1300 AD).
The High Middle Ages replaced the earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism - is a term, covering a wide range of practical ideas, from technological progress or technological imperative to strict point of view that fates people are driven by the fundamental logic, associated with laws of science and their manifestation
A large number of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
But the national road network is economically unfeasible for only a small group of vehicles, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a car.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received on the road.
Romanticism was a lot influenced by cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography formed people, and with time, there were associated with it customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of this society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris is the capital of fashion in the modern world, so Constantinople was the capital of fashion in the Middle Ages.
The fame of the city as a centre of luxury spread about 400 BC and continued until about 1100 AD.
His status was declining since the 12th century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than those offered on the Byzantine markets." #
At this moment and the transfer of the title of the capital of fashion from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak in the period between the 10th and 13th centuries.
At first, clothing was under the strong influence of Byzantine culture in the East.
But because of the slower channels of communication, the styles in the West may lag by 25-30 years.
The development of own styles in Western Europe came to an end in the Middle Ages. One of the biggest achievements of that time was the use of buttons to fasten clothes.
Natural agriculture is the agriculture that provides enough food for the farmer and his/her family.
Natural farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds from the ecosystem in which they grow, along with the use of rotational and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, most farmers were engaged in agriculture for food, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people who feel marginalized by the standards of society, and allow them to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences among subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or gender, from which it is composed.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Often, members of a particular subculture will claim to be part of it through a particular and symbolic use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most widely used methods for illustrating the importance of socialisation is to illustrate several unfortunate cases where children were not able to contact with adults during their growing up.
These children are called "wild" or "wild." Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such an abandonment of their child was the result of not accepting parents' serious intellectual
Street children may have experienced traumatic forms of violence or abuse before escaping or being abandoned.
Others are said to have been raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild on their own.
If he has been raised by animals instead of people, an untamable child displays the same physical traits (within the physical limitations) as the specific animal that raised him — for example, his fear or indifference to people
While project-based education is more simple and interesting, spoon-feeding is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be virtual or real. In other words, your teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolding, helping in learning, is embedded in the software and designed to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures that may be too difficult for the learner to sort out on his own.
Children are often handed over to foster care for a variety of reasons: from abandonment to abuse and even extortion.
They should not grow up in a situation where there is no upbringing, care and education, but grow.
We believe that the foster care system is safe for children.
Our system of care should provide safe housing, loving caregivers, stable education and reliable health care.
Patronage education should provide all the needs that were lacking in the house where they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communications.
The distinctive features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
Thus, it has been suggested that "education" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al
Personal involvement and long-term contacts" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites." #
The use of video recording led to important discoveries in the field of microexpressions – movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to determine whether a person lies, by correctly interpreting his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people who are unable to understand speech, however, can correctly evaluate the sincerity of the speaker.
According to his theory, such abilities to interpret the behavior of man may be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the 20th century have shown that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the set of the manifested variations.
Segregation and recombination with each generation re-shuffle the variations between two pools.
In the savanna, the primates with such digestive systems as ours are difficult to meet their amino acid needs by means of the available plant resources.
In addition, failure to do this will lead to such serious consequences as slow growth, malnutrition and, in the end, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins, found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as us, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, animal origin food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest but also is a rich source of proteins containing all the essential amino acids.
Taking all this into account, one should not be surprised that our ancestors decided the “protein problem” in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna still do today.
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional awakening during the normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short time (10–60 minutes).
This can be done easily with a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and yet not completely wake you up.
If you find out that you are resetting your alarm clock in sleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, which will force you to get up and turn off the alarm
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (in particular, water or tea known as a diuretic), which forces the person to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner calm of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the life-force present in you. Everyone has the potential to attain absolute peace and satisfaction.
Everyone can reach enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but was supplemented by the Mahayana path of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of unconditional love.
Kundali energy (energy of enlightenment) in Kundalini yoga is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of Gods. By visualizing various gods, the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the consciousness is enlightened.
Germany was an ally in the Second World War, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, the differences regarding the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and the Cold War began.
She had to last for 40 years. In it, they fought with real weapons, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places in the world.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defence was already breached, and only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of the Eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Agreement, the Soviet-Poland Pact of Non-Aggression, and other international agreement
Utilization of ships for transporting goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and goods through the oceans.
The traditional work of sailors is to ensure the ability of the country to move its people and goods, and simultaneously to prevent the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most notable recent examples of this was the Atlantic Ocean during World War II. Americans tried to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German Navy, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition had failed, Germany, I think, could have won Britain as well as other European countries.
Cows, it is believed, were domesticated in Iran about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to leave them to themselves, so that they had milk, wool, meat and skin.
The domestic cows were usually kept in herds, which wandered over hills or other pastures, where the care of the herd was usually taken by the shepherds, who were usually children or teenagers, which is similar to the way shepherds used to work." #
Roads for carriages were built in England in the 16th century.
While wagon roads were merely laid parallel to planks of wood, they allowed horses to carry heavier loads and at a faster rate than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Shoes were first used to hold the tracks in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks were more effective when laid on a strip of iron above.
This has become the norm, but iron has led to greater wear on wooden wheels of wagons.
In the course of time, wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transportation was walking, and mankind began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means straight man).
For our ancestors, the australopithecines, walking upright was not so natural.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can start living more in tune with the environment. We can become members of environmental movements and even be activists to help at least a little bit ease the suffering of the future." #
This is usually a temporary fix. If we need a permanent solution, we need to find the root cause and eliminate it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the progress of science and technology of humanity, and the problems caused by overpopulation and extravagant lifestyles of people have become
After the adoption of the Congress on 4 July, the draft signed by the Chairman of the Congress John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thompson was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap for
In one night, 150 – 200 copies were made known as "Dante's leaflets.
The first public reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the front yard of Independence Hall on July 8th.
On July 6 one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. A copy arrived in London 10 August.
25 leaflets of Danley, known at present, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Today, many paleontologists believe that one of the dinosaur groups survived and lived to this day. We call them birds.
They are seldom regarded as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there is much to say about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have scales and claws, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers that are used today are based on information processing, which is encoded in binary.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is, 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" — or "bits", if you use computer lingo
It can be difficult to diagnose a pharmaceutical overdose right away. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemical.
Read the label, where are given special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to refer to a group of insects.
This concept comes from the ancient times of bed bugs - insects that are well adapted to parasitism on man.
And predators, and bed bugs are nest-building species, adapted to live in the nest or home of their host.
In the United States, approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS) have been reported, making MS the leading neurological disease among young people and
Multiple sclerosis is a disease that affects the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the retina.
Studies have shown that women are twice as likely to be afflicted with MS as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child is not in their best interests or the interests of their child.
These couples can choose to create a plan for adoption for their child.
In adoption or adoption, biological parents refuse to their parental rights in order to allow another couple to take the child.
The main purpose of science is to find out how the world is made, by applying the scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research." #
He is not the only one. Scientific studies also operate on experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and conducting observations.
Naturalists and philosophers concentrated their attention on ancient texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, were adopted views of Aristotle.
As knowledge of Greek language deteriorated, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often greatly influenced by the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not simply a response to periodic external stimuli, have been recorded by most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even without external stimuli.
The experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is a genetic material.
The Hershey's chocolate company implanted their DNA into bacteria with the help of phages, which are viruses.
They performed two experiments, labelling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactive iron protein of the phage.
Mutations can result in a great variety of results, depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germline can be passed on to the offspring, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who like to travel to the countryside to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the list of activities on the site - hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example of this is to visit, photograph and study orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to their place of work, and by their side pass those whose place of work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement each in some way is connected with the system of transport based on personal cars and supports it.
At the moment science indicates that the enormous oil economy has had a significant impact on one of the stable states of the biosphere that supported evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why are there so many complaints about transport systems, why do they break down every day? Is it because transport engineers are incompetent? Or there are more fundamental reasons?
The study of individual driving and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out in the framework of the study of traffic flows.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study the intensity of traffic, because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver with absolute certainty.
There are many cases of drivers’ behavior that is quite consistent, so the overall flow of traffic is fairly consistent and can be approximated mathematically.
To better understand the transport flow, the relationships between the three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, design and operation of railway objects.
The insects were the first animals to rise in the air. Their ability to fly made it easier for them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
Among insects, most have the ability to fold their wings along the body, which gives them an advantage.
This provides them with more hiding places, where they can hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
A Greek named Aristarchus said that the solar system revolved around the sun.
Many people thought he was right, but many believed that the Sun revolved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars).
It seems reasonable to us, because we don't feel that the Earth is moving, do you?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first largest river on earth. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, its width sometimes exceeding six miles.
The whole 20 percent of water, which flows from rivers on our planet to the oceans, flows from the Amazon.
The Amazon River has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids of stone lasted until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids of Giza has never been surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians, they were amazed by the monuments created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of Vatican City is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the country with the smallest population.
The Vatican uses Italian in legislation and official communications.
Italian language is also a daily language for most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All Roman Catholics are citizens.
Many people knew the basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they were all available in nature at a pure state and relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that all things are composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air, and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, though he also supposed that they are transformed into a new state, to get what we see.
Smelts are mixtures of two or more metals. Remember that in the periodic table there are many elements.
Some elements, such as calcium and potassium, are considered metals. Of course, there are also such metals as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of such non-metallic elements as carbon.
Everything in the Universe consists of matter. All matter consists of tiny particles, called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them could fit on the period at the end of this sentence.
So the pencil became a good friend for many people when it appeared.
It is sad that when new ways of writing were invented, pencil lost its former status and it became less used.
Now people write messages on their computer screens, and they never have to deal with a file folder.
We can only guess what will become with the keyboard, with the appearance of more new technologies.
Atomic bomb works on the principle that for a large number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary to
Like pulling a heavy cart up a hill. Then the second splitting of the nucleus releases some of this energy.
Some atoms have a volatile nucleus, which means they are prone to decay under little or no influence.
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents.
She’s thinner under the lunar seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side, there may be more moon seas, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to
Content theories focus on finding what makes people act or might interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate inside over time.
These theories turn to what makes people want to do what they do, and what their environment makes them do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories of content are the "Pyramid of needs" and the "Two-factor theory of motivation" by Gerzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can be seen when managers start to manage people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is trying to remain "their guy" (or girl).
It is difficult to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate results of work, distribute responsibilities and to bring employees to responsibility.
On the other end of the spectrum, the individual becomes a non-recognizable individual, who feels that he must change everything that the team has done and take it over.
Because the leader ultimately bears responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This conduct often leads to conflicts between leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams follow the same standards of skill as normal teams, but there are small differences.
Virtual team members often perform the role of a point of contact for their immediate physical team.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional teams, because their teams can meet at different time zones, which is not always understandable by local management.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also unique component of the virtual team.
The invisible team" is a team of managers, who report to each participant. The invisible team establishes norms for each participant.
Why do organizations have to go through the laborious process of creating self-learning organization? One of the objectives of the use of self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used in all functional units of the organization, creativity and innovation may be manifested.
In the end, a united effort by the organization to overcome a barrier can lead to a new innovative process that will serve the needs of the customer.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge sharing and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used for helping organizations to achieve a higher level of efficiency.
Neurobiology provides physical evidence for a theoretical approach to studying consciousness. This narrows the field of study, and it becomes much more accurate.
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It is known that various types of injuries, traumas, lesions and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
The emergence of new technologies allows us to see and study the unseen previously structures and processes in the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for creating imitational models, helping us understand processes taking place in our mind.
Despite the fact that AI is firmly associated with science fiction, it forms a very important direction of computer science, which considers the behavior and learning of machines and "instilling
AI research includes the creation of machines for automation tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
Here are some examples that you can use: control, planning and creating a schedule, response to diagnoses and questions from the customer, as well as recognizing face, handwriting and voice.
These questions are separated into separate disciplines, which aim at solving the tasks we face in everyday life.
The system of artificial intelligence is often used in economics, medicine, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are very important for any class. It is often teachers who want to take their students there, where buses cannot go.
Technology offers a solution by means of virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the Aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Sharing your tour online is also a great way to refresh your memory of the tour and share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, each year students of Bennet High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of their state, and each year that site is updated, but access to the old versions is still available — they serve as
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this usually changes because of the presence of an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive for perfection in his writing in order to avoid criticism.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Bloggership is an instrument that stimulates collaboration and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
Use of blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, and also to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002).
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a large number of art galleries and museums, which open the past and present of Canada.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
All of this and much more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are sparsely settled, while some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the population: in the USA there are more blacks than citizens in Canada.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean near the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much larger than other and is a unique continent in that respect.
Almost all the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and known as luxurious beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 14th century, when Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India.
The region is bounded by Sahel in the north and by the Atlantic Ocean in the south and west.
For women: all tourists are advised to say that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
Also useful to wear ring (not too expensive on appearance).
Women should be aware that cultural differences can make them feel that they are being pursued, harassed, grabbed by the hand, and so on.
Stand firmly on your own (this is not allowed regardless of cultural differences).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroeans as a strategic port, called Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the Castle of Kazan-Branca, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The Sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and the Spanish traders who founded here trading bases, called it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
There are many traditional Moroccan shops around the old medina, where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs and a whole range of trinkets
Goma is a tourist town on the eastern border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002, the city of Goma was destroyed by lava from the volcano Niragongo, which buried under its streets, especially the central part of the city.
Goma is a safe place, but it is a good idea to check beforehand if any travel outside Goma is possible, in order to understand the state of the fighting in the North Kivu province.
This city is also the starting point for climbing the volcano Nyiragongo, as well as you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can take a Goma on a boda-boda (motorcycle taxi). The normal (local) price is 500 congolese francs for a short ride.
In relation to its relatively remoteness, "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for an exotic far land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List, threatened by sand dunes.
One of the most important stops on the PBS program "The Wonders of Africa" was made here." # # # # # # # # # # # #
This city is very different from other cities in the country, because it is predominantly Arabic, not African.
The Kruger National Park is located in the northeastern part of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its southern
The park’s area is 19 500 km2; in it there are 14 different eco-zones, each of which is the habitat of different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Also may be profitable to buy a Wild Card, which allows you to visit national parks of South Africa." # # # # # # # # # # #
The territory of Hong Kong was named after the island of Hong Kong, which many tourists consider the main focus of their attention.
The line of buildings that form the horizon of Hong Kong are compared to a shimmering column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, it is necessary to leave the island and go to the coast of the Yuanling Peninsula, which is
The highest part of the urban development of the territory is concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the northern coast.
This is a place that the British colonists took over, and if you're looking for evidence of colonial history on the island, then this is a good
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt in the world, extending from the coast to 80 kilometers (50 miles) into the interior of the continent
Sunderbans was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park Sunderbans.
These forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sudanban occupies an area of 3850 sq. km, of which about 30% is covered by water or bogs.
Sundaran is a wildlife reserve and, according to the latest estimates, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 spotted deer on its territory.
The buses depart from the inter-district bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most of them, especially those heading to the east and to Jakar/Bumtang,
Because buses from the regional level often overcrowded, it is advisable to purchase a ticket in advance.
Coaster buses are small, comfortable and reliable.
Bus route is the fastest and most convenient way to get to such places as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punokha (200 ngultrum).
The Oyapock Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l
The two towers reach a height of 83 meters and the bridge is 378 metres long and has two lanes of traffic with a width of 3.5 meters.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters, who
The area of Chaco served as home to different groups of local tribes, for example the Guaikurú and Paígua, they survived by hunting, gathering and
In the sixteenth century, Paraguay, which until then was called "a vast province of the East India Company", was formed as a result of the conflict between Spanish conquista
The Spanish started a period of colonization which lasted for three centuries.
Since its establishment in 1537, Paraguay has largely succeeded in preserving its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams and the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at polo fields in Las Canitas.
Less-large tournaments and matches can also be seen in the winter.
To learn about the latest news about polo matches and where you can buy tickets, visit the Argentine Polo Association website.
Official currency - Falkland Islands Pound (FKP)
You can exchange your money in the only bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
In general, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are also accepted.
On remote islands, credit cards may not be accepted, though British and American currency may be accepted; be sure to clarify with the owners of which payment method is acceptable.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Because Montevideo is located to the south of the equator, there is summer in the northern hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In summer months, the air temperature above +30 ° C is a normal occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely fall below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There is no particularly "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain is approximately the same throughout the year.
Although many animals in the park are used to see people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and do not approach more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - buffalo, deer, elk, and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year dozens of visitors get injured because they do not respect the personal space of these animals. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that odors attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or wearing with you smelly food, and maintain cleanliness in the camp.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. It is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 inhabitants." #
Apia was founded in 1850s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The harbour was the site of a bitterly-fought naval confrontation in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the USA and Britain
All ships sank except one British cruiser. More than 200 American and German sailors died.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the Movement of Mau, peaceful assembly in the town led to the murder of the supreme leader Tupou Te
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The North Shore beaches are located in the area of North-Harbor (in the area of North-Harbor).
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded by such trees as the thorny-le
In the central area of Auckland, where the bay of Wātimata is located, are the prestigious residential suburbs of Mitre Bay and St Heliers, where the
This is sometimes crowded with people's families beaches with good choice of shops, located along the coast. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that you can drink, but New Zealand and Australian wines can be better transported.
Local water is completely safe for drinking, but if you still have doubts, you can find and bottled water.
Australians are mystified by the idea of "flat white". "Little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream (
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a very good quality.
On the river Salaca there is a large number of trips, and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the river are rare.
Although follow the advice of the authorities, obey all signs and pay attention to warnings about safety.
Cocomideus occurs near the beaches and river mouths to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be found outside this period
Sharks do exist, but rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
These crocodiles do not live in the ocean, but in estuaries of rivers to the north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booking allows traveller to not worry about where to stay when arriving at the destination.
Tour operators often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book accommodation through a travel agent and other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites." #
Travel agents usually sell packages of offers, which include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport or even combined packages, which include flight and accommodation in a
In addition, they may retain a reservation if you require time to consider the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, visas).
Any changes or requests should be made directly to the hotel, not to the travel agent.
Some of the music festivals have a majority of participants sleeping directly on the festival grounds, and most of them consider this to be a mandatory part of the program.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive in advance to find a campsite near the music.
Don’t forget that even if the main stages of the festival are already over, there may be areas where music will continue playing till late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, ask about the cabin location, because the passage through the ice leads to quite a disturbing noise, which can disturb sleep the most sensitive people.
Cruises to Saint Petersburg include guided walks of the city. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Casinos usually try to make customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. There are no clocks and windows in the casino, and it is difficult to find the exits
They usually offer special food, drinks and entertainment to keep guests in a good mood and not leave the establishment.
In some casinos they offer free alcohol. However, drunkenness makes you lose your mind, and all good poker players know how important it is to stay sober.
Everyone who plans to travel in high-latitudes or high mountains should take into account the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On icy and snowy roads friction is low, and you can't drive as well as on normal pavement.
In the winter, enough snow to make it difficult to get stuck, can fall in a very short period of time.
The visibility may also be limited due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, the weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and the traffic continues year round almost without breaks.
Safari - probably the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term "safari" in everyday use means a land trip with the purpose of seeing the amazing wildlife of Africa, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach cars, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lions, cheetahs and leopards are sometimes cautious, and you will better look at them through a binocular.
Hiking safari (also called "tree-walking", "hiking safari" or "walking safari") consists of a hike of several hours to several days.
Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only city in Asia twice hosting summer Olympic Games. The first time they were held here in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced for the transfer, you may have a difficult situation.
The rules of cancellation of orders may vary, but at the end of March most rules, related to corona virus, do not apply to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were planned.
Expected that most of the tickets for events will cost from 2,500 to 15,000 yen, with a standard ticket price of about 7,000 yen.
Drying clothes helps them dry. Many hotels provide a dryer, even if they are not present in the room.
If you don't have a iron or you don't like the idea of wearing clean socks, you can try a hair dryer if it is there
Do not subject the fabric to too high temperature (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different ways to clean water, some of them are more effective against specific threats.
In some places, it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in others, it will take a few minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you're not sure, you should think about buying bottled water and from a reputable company.
Travelers can meet with pest animals that they have never seen in their home countries.
The pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release toxins or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals that can cause damage or death to a human being, in general, are not considered pests.
Duty-free shopping" is a way to buy certain items at certain points without taxes and duties.
Travellers heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a significant amount, especially on such goods as tobacco and spirits.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, desolate and forested areas.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be on your guard: the roads are steep and narrow, with many bends and sharp turns.
The speed limits set significantly lower than the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 m / h (56-64 km / h) - and strict compliance with them is more important than other
However, as you may have guessed, mobile phone service is much better here than on many other sections of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, where the route is located." #
German cakes are very good. In Bavaria they are very plentiful and varied and look like cakes from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cakes are popular, cakes with apples are all year round, and cherries and plums appear in summer.
In German cakes often use almonds, hazelnuts and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often go well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling sweet biscuits, try what is called donuts or pancakes with filling.
Curry is a dish made of herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the amount of liquid curry can be "dry" or "wet".
In the interior of Pakistan and Northern India, yogurt is used in curry. In South India and in some regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is used.
Indonesian cuisine, with more than 17,500 islands to choose from, is a generic term used to describe a vast variety of regional cuisines that are found throughout the country.
But without further clarification, this term is usually understood to refer to food from central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, widely spread on the archipelago, includes a selection of simple spiced dishes. The most preference is given to such flavourings as peanuts, chili, sugar (especially yavanese coconut sugar) and different aromatic
Horseback supports are the legs of the rider, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide better control, but they can be problems with safety, as there is a chance of getting stuck foot.
If the horse throws its rider, but his boot is caught in the stirrup, a bolting horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take certain precautions.
Firstly, most riders wear riding boots with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual saddles, especially English, are equipped with protective braces, which make the leather saddle fall off the saddle if it is pulled back by a falling rider.
Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
At the top you can enjoy the most beautiful mountain views. Climbing enthusiasts from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Alpine skiing is the main tourist destination for many ski lovers (they are sometimes called "skiing lazymen"), planning to spend their vacation entirely around skiing in a certain place.
The idea of skiing is very old: rock paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC!
Skiing as a sport originated at least to the 16th century, and in 1861, the Norwegians opened the first recreational ski club in Australia.
Skiing is also called backcountry skiing, skitouring or hiking on skis.
It is related, but usually does not include walking up the summit and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
With good conditions you can overcome several larger distances than walking, but such speed on skis you can develop only in rare cases when you do not have a heavy backpack and there is a ski trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but on it there are many independent states. In normal circumstances, a journey through many countries would mean the need to apply for visas and multiple passport checks.
But the Schengen area in this respect functions as a single country.
Being in this zone, you usually can cross the border, without going through the passport control again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries of the Schengen space separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as an antique.
This concept has geographic variants, in which the age limit in such places, such as North America, may be less than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as antiques, despite the fact that they are younger than mass-produced products.
Reindeer husbandry is an important source of livelihood for the Sámi people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this custom is traditional, not all the members of the Saami people were engaged in mass rearing of reindeer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities, using reindeer mainly as beasts of burden
Today, many Sámi are employed in modern professions. Tourism is a major source of income in the Sámi region of Lapland.
The word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country is recommended to be avoided, this may affect your travel insurance during your trip or your cancellation insurance.
Maybe you should consult other governments besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their own citizens.
Here is an example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East can face situations that cannot be faced by Europeans or Arabs.
In the news reports, only briefly described the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified in comparison with the widely available more detailed information.
Unfavourable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause any damage, cause serious social upheaval or lead to human casualties." #
Bad weather conditions are everywhere around the world, and they are of different types, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rains and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather phenomena such as hurricanes, tornadoes, thunder
Regional and seasonal dangerous weather phenomena include snow storms, blizzards, ice and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly recommended to take into account any risks associated with the harsh weather in their area, since they may affect any plans for travel.
All those planning to visit a country which may be considered as a war zone should undergo professional training.
Searching on the Internet for the phrase "course on security in hostile environment", may yield the address of a local company.
In this course, the topics are usually much more thoroughly discussed, usually with practical training.
The course usually lasts between 2 and 5 days and includes scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines that tell you how to survive in the wild are very common, but there are very few publications about the battlefields.
People planning to undergo a gender reassignment surgery abroad, should make sure they have valid travel documents back home.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated with the desired name and sex, in different places varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under these documents is so very different.
The checkpoints at the borders have become much more rigorous after September 11, 2001.
Transgenders who are preparing for surgery should not expect to be scanned and their private lives and dignity will not be affected.
A breakwater is a current created by waves that break against the shore, or sometimes against a reef or something similar.
Reverse flow is concentrated in several deeper areas where fast flow can form, due to the similar underwater topology.
Most deaths occur as a result of exhaustion trying to return against the current, which can be impossible.
As soon as you get out of the current, it will be easier to get back into it than it would have been otherwise.
Try to go there where you will not be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may want to wait for rescue.
The shock to return to the home country is earlier than the cultural shock (here is a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and is more difficult.
Travelers who are easily accustomed to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adjust to their own native culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, I think, were probably more tolerant and understanding of you, knowing that travelers need to adapt to a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding are required to be shown to travelers, who have returned home.
The sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in total darkness, and you can also see them in the silence before the show begins.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Sphinx acts as a background and the storyteller of the long story.
Scenes are shown on the pyramids, and different pyramids are lit.
The South Shetland Islands are claimed by several countries. There are more bases on these islands than anywhere else in the world. In 2020, sixteen were active bases." #
The archipelago is located 120 km from the peninsula. The largest island bears the name of King George with the settlement of Villas-Estrellas.
Others include the island of Livingston and Deepsea, where the active crater of a two hundred years old volcano is a spectacular natural harbor.
The land of Eluthera is a region south of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plain, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain range called Eluthera, divided by the ice-covered Minnesota Ice
Northern part, that is the ridge Sentinel, are the highest mountains of Antarctica - massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892 m and is called the
In remote areas, outside the coverage area of mobile phones, satellite phones can be your only option.
Usually, a satellite phone is not a replacement for a mobile phone because you need to be outside in direct line of sight with the satellite to make a call.
Service is often used in maritime transport, including fast and cruise ships, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communication.
In general you can get more information about this service by contacting your local telephone operator.
An increasingly popular option for those who plan to take a year off, is to travel and study.
It is especially popular among high school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, without jeopardizing their education.
In many cases, it is possible to apply for a course abroad during a vacation, which may increase your chances of admission to higher education institutions in your home country.
In general, there is a fee for enrollment in these educational programs.
Finland is a good place for boating. In the country of thousands lakes there are thousands of islands on lakes and in the archipelago.
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can easily get around without a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks leave a completely different impression.
Boating is a national form of leisure in Finland. In particular, one boat for seven or eight people.
The same situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in The Netherlands it is from one to forty).
Most individual Baltic cruises include extended stay in St. Petersburg.
Meaning you may spend several full days in this historical city, and return to the ship for the night.
If you go to the beach only as an excursion on a boat, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
In some cruise brochures, Berlin is shown as Germany. As you can see on the map on the top, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Travel by air can be terrifying for any age and social status, especially if it's his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: it is no different from the personal hatred and fear of other things that are a part of the lives of many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from the unknown or inability to control the process.
The delivery services are paid well for fast delivery. Often the speed of delivery of commercial documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repair is very important.
On some routes, there are more large companies with their own aircraft, but for other routes and smaller companies with this problem.
If they were to send something as an air cargo, then the loading and clearance of customs could take several days.
The only way to get it sorted out is to send it as checked baggage. The carrier’s rules do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, so you need to be involved
The most obvious way to fly in first or business class is to pay for this privilege (or better - to force your company to pay for you).
But this is not cheap - in rough approximation you will pay four times more for economy class business and in eleven times more for first class!
In general, there is no point even looking for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know very well that there is a certain main group of passengers who are willing to pay a large sum for the privilege of moving quickly and comfortably to anywhere, so they charge a
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed Transdniestria on the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by
While the failure of political negotiations, economic links between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transport hub.
The ancient city of Smyrna today is a modern, developed and lively trading centre, situated along the vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass facades of modern shopping malls, interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, the old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than a traditional Turkey.
From the village Haldorsvik you can see the island of Esturaja, which also has an unusual octagonal church.
On the parish cemetery, some graves have interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It is worth spending half an hour and to explore the unusual village.
Compared to the north, there is a romantic and charming town of Sintra, which was praised by Lord Byron and became famous all over the world.
The bus Scotturb No 403 makes regular trips to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
North of the visit also the great Church of the Virgin of Fatima (the cemetery), a place of world-famous apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you, in essence, are on the same place as a brother's grave, and a place that is incomparable in its importance to a significant percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
There are still many men and women who have survived their stay here, but there are more people whose relatives have been killed here or worked here to death, whether Jews or other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, seriousness and respect it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Do not vandalise this place, by painting or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most signs are only written in Catalan, because it is the official language of Catalonia.
However, Spanish language is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The ordinary announcements in the metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced by an automatic system in all languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be arrogant, rude and self-centered.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish right away, if you show a little bit of politeness.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
The diversity of microclimates, different soils and altitudes in the area makes it possible to represent a very wide range of plant communities.
The area is rich in many different species of animals and birds.
Here you can see rare animals such as European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
When visiting monasteries, women should wear skirts below the knees and covered shoulders.
In most monasteries, women are given clothing, which they have not prepared for, but if you take your own, especially brightly coloured monk or monks, they will smile at you.
In a similar way, men should wear trousers which would cover their knees.
They can also be taken at the entrance, however, this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size fits all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as those of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with widespread use of olive oil." #
The most popular dish for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, and also the word Sie, which means You, always are written with capital letters even in the middle of a sentence.
It is important to distinguish verbs and adverbs.
It is also likely to simplify reading, while writing is somewhat complicated because it is necessary to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
Pronunciation in Italian is relatively simple, since most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
You should be especially careful with letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
And don’t forget, r and rr are pronounced differently: caro means "dear", while carro means "cart.
In Persian language, the grammar is relatively easy and mostly regular.
That is why studying this Persian grammar book will help you gain a lot of new and better understanding of expressions.
It is obvious that if you have a Roman group language, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and it can be learned separately.
Ancient observatories, usually today are considered obsolete and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution in the period of their flowering was not such a problem as today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in our time.
Most modern astronomical telescopes are huge structures in remote locations with favorable atmosphere conditions.
Hanami, the observing of the cherry blossom, is an important social event in the spring.
The idea for this piece came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan, the first celebrations of cherry blossoms was held only for the Emperor and other members of the aristocracy at the Imperial Palace.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't fall for the temptation to take just one.
If you visit an officially organized garden, you will be expelled without any conversation.
Singapore is a safe and easy place to get around, and almost everything can be bought after you arrive.
But, being in the "deep tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely)." #
There are also several buses heading north to Hebron, where the patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob are buried, as well as their wives." #
Make sure the bus you're about to board is going to Hebron, not just a nearby Jewish settlement, Kiryat Arba.
The interior waterways can be a good theme for any celebration.
For example, a visit to castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise along the Danube, or a boat trip along the canal Er
They also define routes for popular pedestrian and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important Christian holidays, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and outside the Christian world.
There is a tradition to spend the night of Passover, not sleeping, in some open place, to see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it could also be a pagan ritual of spring and fertility.
More traditional churches often hold Easter services on Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, with the congregation usually starting at midnight celebrating the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that originally arrived here swam, flew or were blown here by the current.
Due to the great distance from the continent, the mammals could not get to the islands, making the giant tortoise the main carnivorous animal on the Gala
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been imported, including cattle, horses, cows, rats,
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctica in winter, you will learn what a night of darkness is, when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a consequence, light pollution is not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners are used to.
Coats are standard business attire, while colleagues address one another by their first names or by their titles." #
Very important is the harmony in the workplace, and the results of group work are valued higher than individual achievement
Often, employees must get the permission of the boss before taking any action and must obey his orders without question
