 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Dr. Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the department of clinical and scientific affairs of the Canadian Diabetes Association, noted that the research work was still in its infancy.
As others have pointed out, he was sceptical about whether it was possible to cure diabetes, and pointed out that the findings for people with type 1 diabetes would have no significance.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee of the Swedish Academy, announced on Sveriges Radio in Sweden that the Committee had ceased its efforts to inform Bob Dylan about his Nobel Prize for Literature, after it had not been able to contact him personally.
Danius said: "At the moment we are not doing anything. I have called his closest employee and sent him e-mails and received very friendly replies. That is at the moment enough.
Rings CEO Jamie Siminoff once said that he founded Ring, after he could not hear his garage door from his workshop.
He said that he had built a WiFi doorbell.
Siminoff said that sales had increased after his appearance on a series of "Shark Tank" in 2013, despite the fact that the panel of judges on the show had rejected his start-up's funding.
Siminoff appeared on QVC in 2017.
The ring has also settled a legal dispute with the rival security company ADT Corporation.
While a clinical trial vaccine appears to be able to reduce the mortality of Ebola, there are no drugs yet proven to be effective in the treatment of existing infections.
A cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, initially proved to be promising, but formal studies showed that it, what concerns the prevention of deaths, did not bring as many benefits as hoped.
In the PALM study, ZMapp was used as a control, i.e. the scientists used it as a starting point and compared the three other treatments with it.
USA Gymnastics supports the letter of the Olympic Committee of the United States and accepts it as a necessity that the Olympic family works to ensure a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that it is in the interests of our athletes and their teams and their sport to take meaningful changes forward within our organisation, rather than a de-centralisation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that will bring to light how widespread sexual abuse in the scale described by survivors as courageously described by them, has remained undiscovered for so long, and welcomes all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal - to make the sport of gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes so that they can follow their dreams in a safe, positive and self-determined environment.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as a consultant for John F. Kennedy and then for the government around Lyndon B. Johnson.
While he was serving as Carter's national security advisor in 1976, he advised Carter in foreign policy and served from 1977 to 1981 as a successor to Henry Kissinger as the national security advisor (NSA).
As a national security advisor, he supported Carter in handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords of 1978, the normalisation of relations between the United States and China in the late 1970s, the Iranian revolution, which led to the hostage crisis in Iran in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has received nominations in all main categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated as best actor and actress.
There are, for example, nominations for the best film, the director, the camera, the costume design, the editing, the original film music, the production design, the sound mixing and the original script.
Two songs from the movie, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. Lionsgate Studio received 26 nominations – more than any other film studio.
On Sunday, President Donald Trump announced in a read by the press secretary statement that the US troops would leave Syria.
The announcement was made after a telephone conversation between Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The Turkish government would carry out the surveillance of ISIS fighters whose return, it was stated, was rejected by European countries.
This confirms not only that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, but also provides details that fossils in general cannot provide, such as colour and three-dimensional arrangement.
Researchers say that the feathers of this bird were brown on the top and light- or carotenoid-coloured on the bottom.
The find also gives us an insight into the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well developed sheath called the quill, but other features of feathers – hooks and barbules – the researchers concluded that the quill must have been an earlier evolution than these other features.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation or for the heartbeat.
The scientists claimed that this is the tail of a young dinosaur, but the sample showed no feathers of an adult and no chickens.
A car bomb exploded at dawn on the morning of yesterday in the police station of the Turkish Gaziantep, killing two policemen and injuring over twenty others.
According to the governor's office, nineteen of the injured are police officers.
The police said they suspected a militant supporter of Daesh (ISIL) behind the attack.
You have discovered that the sun operates on the same principles as other stars: It was discovered that the activity of all stars in the system is driven by their light, rotation and nothing else.
To determine the Rossby number of a star, which is related to the plasma flow, the luminosity and rotation are combined.
The smaller the Rossby number is, the less active the star is in terms of reorienting the magnetic field.
While on his travels, Iwasaki was often in trouble.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a wild dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard runs on frequencies 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This means that it can be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radio.
The speed of 802,11 n is significantly faster than the previous generation, which had a theoretical maximum of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, married and two grown-up children, did not impress Miller, who was told the story.
When asked for a comment, Miller replied: "Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I have prepared myself and therefore could not hear what he said.
We will strive to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per capita by 2020 relative to 2005 levels.
He did not give a figure for the cuts, but he said that they would be made on the basis of the economic performance of China.
Hu encouraged developing countries to "avoid the old path of polluting and cleaning up afterward".
He added that "they should not be asked to take on obligations which exceed their development level, their responsibility and their capabilities.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report today at 12:00 GMT.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any action taken in Iraq at this time will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence or a slide into chaos.
The report starts off with a request for an open debate and consensus building in the United States on a strategy for the Middle East.
The report is almost entirely critical of the current executive policy with regard to Iraq and calls for a radical change of direction.
The first of 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of this year to secure the Iraqi borders against hostile intervention and to restore diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current Senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometres from Buenos Aires, that she was running for president.
(FR) Mrs Kirchner announced her intention to run for President in the Argentine theater. She began her campaign there in 2005 as a member of the provincial delegation of Buenos Aires.
The trigger for the debate was a controversy over the spending for the relief and reconstruction after Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscally conservative Members have referred to as ""Bushs New Orleans deal"".
The criticism of the Liberals on the reconstruction process has focused on the fact that contracts for reconstruction were awarded to alleged insiders in Washington.
More than four million people came to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of participants was so large that it was not possible for all of them to gain access to the burial at the Peters's Square.
More than a dozen large television screens were set up in Rome, so that people could watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and elsewhere, especially in Poland, similar institutions were installed, which were seen by many people.
Historicists have criticised the FBI's policy of concentrating its resources on simpler cases, especially on cases of car theft, in an attempt to increase its success rate.
The Congress began in August 2005 with funding of the anti-obscenity initiative and laid down that the FBI must deploy 10 agents for adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score of the innings, 70 points, by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, showed good performances and scored a partnership of 100 runs.
But after the loss of the captain’s goal, India scored only 36 runs and lost 7 goals, which meant the innings was over.
The US president, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore at dawn on 16 November and began a two-week trip through Asia.
He was welcomed by Wong Kan Seng, the deputy prime minister of Singapore, and spoke with Lee Hsien Loong, the prime minister of Singapore, on trade and terrorism matters.
After a week of losses in the mid-term election, President Bush told the audience that he was expanding trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the ""Clean Air Act"" to a committee of all parties for review before the second hearing.
Layton had during the meeting with the Prime Minister requested changes to the Conservatives' environmental law and demanded a "green and complete rewrite" of the Conservatives' environmental law.
After the government has jumped in to take over the funding of the Mersey Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), some state and parliamentary members have criticised the process as a PR stunt ahead of the November federal election.
Prime Minister John Howard said that the measure, to provide EUR 45 million, was only intended to protect the hospitals from being downgraded by the Tasmanian government.
According to the latest Bulletin, the sea level measurements indicated that a tsunami had been triggered. In the vicinity of Pago Pago and Niue, a clear tsunami activity was recorded.
There were no significant damages or injuries reported from Tonga. However, the power was temporarily cut off, which reports indicate was the reason for the PTWC not receiving the tsunami warning.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii, which are located near or on the coast, were closed all day Wednesday, despite the warnings being lifted.
 President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe described North Korea's promise as "an important step in the direction of achieving verifiable denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula.
The tenth Atlantic hurricane season storm, named Jerry, has now formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that Jerry is not at this time a threat to landing.
The US Army Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rain would break the already damaged levees.
The Ninth Ward, which was flooded during Hurricane Katrina up to 20 feet high, is currently flooded because the nearby dikes have been over-extended.
On a 100 foot section of the dam runs water over the dam.
The Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his disappointment at the removals as he spoke to Wikinews last month.
He [Wales] has lied to us from the outset. Firstly, by pretending that this was done out of legal grounds. Secondly, by pretending that he would listen to us, until he was forced to delete his art.
The irritations in the community led to the current efforts to draft a directive on sexual content for the website that hosts millions of openly licensed media.
The work was mostly theoretical, but the programme was written to simulate observations made by the Sagittarius Galaxy.
The effect sought would be caused by tidal forces between the dark matter of the galaxy and the dark matter of the Milky Way.
Like the moon attracts the Earth and causes tides, the Milky Way also exerts gravitational pulls on the Sagittarius Galaxy.
The scientists concluded that dark matter acts on dark matter in the same way as ordinary matter.
This theory says that the largest part of the dark matter is in a kind of Halo around a galaxy and consists of many small particles.
Television reports show that white smoke is escaping from the plant.
The local authorities urge the residents in the vicinity of the plant to refrain from using air conditioning and to drink only bottled water.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, radioactive cesium and iodine were found in the nuclear power plant.
The authorities speculate that this indicates that the containers with uranium fuel may have been ruptured and possibly leaking.
The extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) was discovered by Dr. Tony Moll in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In an interview he said that the new variant was 'extremely worrying and alarming due to the very high mortality rate'.
Some patients may have contracted the virus from the hospital, says Dr Moll, and at least two were hospital staff.
In one year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
Although the proportion of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis is apparently still low; 6,000 of the 330,000 people who are infected in South Africa at a particular time.
The satellites, which weighed more than 1,000 pounds each, collided at a speed of about 17,500 miles per hour over the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion was huge.
You are still trying to find out how extensive the collision was and how the Earth will be affected.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is finding the wreckage.
The result of the plotting analysis will be published on a public website.
A doctor who worked at a children's hospital in Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania) is charged with murder after her dead mother was found in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the ground beside the road in a T-shirt and underwear in Blue Ash, Ohio, approximately 15 miles north of Cincinnati, apparently under the influence of drugs
She led the officers to their black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
There was found the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, under blood-stained covers.
The police said the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of this season were reported in July.
The disease is transmitted by pigs and then migrates through mosquitoes to humans.
The outbreak of the disease prompted the Indian government to appoint slaughterers to catch thousands of mosquito nets and spray insecticides.
The government has also promised several million doses of vaccine against meningitis, which will help prepare health services for next year.
Plans for vaccines to be delivered in this year's historically most affected areas were delayed due to lack of funds and low priorities in comparison to other diseases.
Sławomir Sławiński went to Sweden in 1956 where he worked for three years in the office of the Swedish Post and he became the head engraver there.
He produced over 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is highly regarded by collectors, and his name is one of the few names in the field of philatelic collecting that is generally known.
His thousandth stamp, issued in 2000, shows the magnificent painting "Heroic deeds of Swedish kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and is recorded in the Guinness Book of Records.
He was also involved in the cutting of banknotes for many countries. Current examples of his work include the portraits of the Canadian five and 100-dollar notes.
After the accident Gibson was taken to hospital, he died shortly afterwards.
The truck driver, who is 64 years old, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was taken from the accident site about 12 o'clock GMT on the same day.
A person who worked in a workshop near the accident site said: ‘There were children waiting to cross the road and all were crying and wailing’.
Everyone ran back from the accident site.
More topics on the agenda in Bali are the preservation of the remaining forests of the world and the sharing of technologies that will help developing countries to grow more sustainably.
The United Nations hope to establish a fund which will help the countries affected by global warming to deal with the consequences.
The funds could be used for flood-proof houses, better water management and plant diversity.
Fluke wrote that attempts by some to speak about women's health were overshadowed by the efforts of others to silence them.
She reached this conclusion on the basis of the numerous positive comments and encouragement she received from both men and women who urged that contraception should be regarded as a medical necessity.
As the fighting stopped after the transport of wounded to the hospital, about 40 of the remaining occupants stayed on the farm and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to unblock the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are unclear.
At 22:00 and 11:00 MDT, the inmates lit a fire in the yard.
In the near future, police officers wearing protective suits would have entered the site and pushed the occupants into the corner with tear gas.
The fire was finally extinguished at 23:35 p. m.
After the dam was built in 1963, the annual floods that spread sediments in the river stopped.
This sediment was necessary to form sandbanks and beaches that served as habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two fish species have disappeared and two more are at risk of extinction, including the Gila cypha.
The authorities hope that the rise in the water level will be sufficient to reconstruct eroded sandbanks downstream, although it is only a few feet.
There was no tsunami warning issued and according to the Indonesian Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami warning issued, as the earthquake did not reach the required magnitude of 6.5.
Although there was no tsunami threat, people began to panic and began to leave their businesses and homes.
Obwohl Winfrey weinte, versicherte sie ihren Fans, dass sie zurückkommen werde.
This will not be a farewell. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new chapter.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have indicated that the incumbent President Hifikepunye Pohamba was re-elected with a large margin.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), retained a similar majority at the parliamentary elections of the same year.
The coalition forces and Afghan forces moved in to secure the location, and other aircraft of the coalition were deployed to support them.
The accident took place high up in mountainous terrain, and it is suspected that it was the result of hostile fire.
The search for the crash site is made more difficult by bad weather and uneven ground.
The medical aid group Mangola, Medecins Sans Frontieres and the World Health Organization have said that this is the worst outbreak recorded in the country.
Richard Veerman, spokesman for Médecins Sans Frontières, said: "Angola is on the verge of the worst outbreak of all time, and the situation in Angola remains very bad.
The games started at 10:00 a.m. with great weather and a little rain on the morning, which quickly passed, but it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
South Africa, the top-placed team in the tournament, began with a comfortable 26 : 00 victory against Sambia, the fifth-placed.
While the team appeared to be rusty against their southern sisters, their performance improved over the course of the tournament.
Her disciplined defence, excellent ball control and excellent teamwork made her stand out and made it clear that this was the team to beat.
The officials of the city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank Museum say that the tree has been infected with a fungus and poses a public health risk because it could fall at any time.
He should have been decided on Tuesday, but was saved by a temporary court decision.
All cave entrances, including the Seven Sisters, are at least 100 to 250 meters (328 to 820 feet).
Infrared images show temperature differences between night and day, which suggest that it is likely to be caves.
They are colder than the surrounding surface and warmer at night.
These are not the same as the deep caves on Earth, which are often quite constant in temperature, but they agree with that, that they are deep holes in the ground.
In France, voting is traditionally a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a cabin and insert a pre-printed sheet of paper, on which the candidate of their choice is written, into an envelope.
After the officials have confirmed the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voter list.
The French election law is pretty strict in its timing.
From 1988, all polling stations must be transparent, so that voters and observers can verify that no envelopes are present at the beginning of the election and that no envelopes are thrown except those of the properly counted and authorised voters.
The candidates may send representatives who attend the whole process as witnesses. At night, the votes of volunteers will be counted under strict supervision and in accordance with special procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, previously launched on the basis of price and functionality, was the hot topic at the Taipei IT Month show in 2007.
But the consumer market for laptop computers will change radically after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by Manager Yuan from the Republic of China.
The website of the station describes the show as "radio theater of the old school with a new and spooky twist!
The show was only shown on the old Internet radio site TogiNet Radio, which is a site that puts the emphasis on talk radio.
End 2015 TogiNet founded the satellite station AstroNet Radio.
The show was originally produced by amateurs from East Texas.
According to reports, looting continued throughout the night, while police did not show any presence on the streets.
According to a witness, Bishkek was more and more becoming a "state of anarchy" as bands of people ran through the streets and looted shops.
Many residents of Bishkek blamed the demonstrators from the south for the lawlessness.
South Africa has beaten the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match in the Three Nations Tournament in the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in
The final result was a 21-20 victory for the All Blacks, ending their 15-game winning streak.
For the Springboks, the five-game losing streak came to an end.
It was the last game for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The final of the tournament will take place next week at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, where the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake struck at 22:08 on Monday in the western part of Montana.
No immediate reports of damages went to the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Earthquake Information Center (NEIC).
The centre of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
It has been confirmed that the deadly avian influenza H5N1 has been infected by a wild bird that was found dead in a marshland in the vicinity of Lyon in the east of France on Monday
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by the virus; after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Verdachtsfälle of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers sued God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of many millions of people on Earth.
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his action is frivolous and that "everyone can sue everyone.
The story presented in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, was about a man whose life was determined by drugs and Japan.
That is why the actors smoke cannabis joints on stage and the theatre itself encourages the audience to participate.
The former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich, the Texas governor Rick Perry and the Congresswoman Michele Bachmann each reached the fourth, fifth and sixth place.
After the results were presented, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he was harsh in his criticism of Romney, who had been running negative campaign ads against him in Iowa.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today's primary and decide whether there is a further path for him in this race, but later said he would remain in the race and take part in the South Carolina primary on 21 January.
Bachemann, who won the Ames-Poll in August, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he died later that day.
According to reports, he was in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said: "While I was not present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
The entertainment website TMZ has learned that the photographer parked his car on the other side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the police check before he crossed the street and continued, which prompted the California Highway Patrol to order him back over the road twice.
According to police, the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer will probably not be charged.
Only eighteen medals are available per day, so there were a number of countries that did not make it to the podium.
The Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen yesterday in the Super-G took ninth place in the standing of the ladies, and Finland with Katja Saarinen, who took tenth place in the same competition.
Mitchell Gourley was eighth in the standing Super-G of men. The Czech competitor Oldrich Jelinek was sixteenth in the sitting Super-G of men.
The Mexican Arly Velasquez came fifteenth in the men's Super G (standing) and the New Zealander Adam Hall came ninth in the men's Super G (standing).
The blind Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his companion Anna Ogarzynska finished in the thirteenth place in the Super-G. The South Korean Jong Seork Park finished in the Super-G men's
The UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti in 2010 to help with the recovery after the earthquake, are blamed for spreading the disease that was close to the camp of the peacekeepers.
According to the complaint, the waste from the UN camp was not properly cleaned, which resulted in bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of the largest rivers in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops, there had been no problems in Haiti in connection with the disease.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has cited independent studies which suggest that the Nepalese UN peacekeeping battalion may have brought the disease unknowingly to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, an UN expert on the disease, stated that the outbreak was probably caused by the Blue Helmets.
Hamilton confirmed that the Howard University Hospital has taken in patients in stable condition.
The patient had stayed in Nigeria where some cases of Ebola virus had occurred.
The hospital followed infection control protocols, including separation of patients from other patients to avoid infection of third parties.
Before Simon had worked on several shows in different roles.
In the 1980s he worked on shows like "Taxi", "Cheers" and "The Tracey Ullman Show.
1989 half er Brooks and Groening at the creation of "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the hiring of the first writers team of the show." #
While he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of producer and continued to receive licensing fees in the multi-million dollar range each season.
Before the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported the planned kidnapping of a plane.
Other reports later said that the plane had received a bomb threat and had been rerouted to Afghanistan, where it had landed.
First reports state that the aircraft was rerouted to Afghanistan after it was refused landing in Urumqi.
Flight accidents are common in Iran, which has a poorly maintained fleet which can be used for both civilian and military purposes.
International sanctions have caused no new aircraft to be bought.
At the beginning of the week, three people were killed and three others were injured in a helicopter crash.
Last month, Iran suffered its worst air disaster since the 1980s, when a passenger plane crashed and killed all 168 passengers on its way to Armenia.
In the same month, another passenger jet crashed into the end of a runway in Mashhad and collided with a wall, killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts of their tour.
The band should tour the United States and Canada until 16 September.
After the frontman of Aerosmith Steven Tyler fell off the stage during a performance on August 5, they have cancelled the tour.
Murray lost the first set in a tiebreak, after both men held every single serve in the set.
Del Potro had a early advantage in the second set, but the tie break was required after the 6:6 was reached.
Potros shoulder has now been treated, but he was able to return to the playing field.
The program began at 20:30 local time (15:00 UTC).
The famous singers in the whole country presented Bhajans, devotional songs, to Shri Shyams feet.
The singer Sanju Sharma opened the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who also presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan. He was accompanied by the singer Raju Khandelwal
Then Lakkha Singh took over the singing of the Bhajans.
Baba Shyam were 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (in Hinduism 56 different edible things such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc., which are offered to the
Lakkha Singh presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan also. The singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
On Thursday, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the new Nintendo Revolution console of the company.
Like a TV remote control, the controller uses two sensors which are placed close to the TV of the user to triangulate his position in three dimensions.
This will enable players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and had to retire from the race after just a few laps.
His teammate led the race most of the time, but finished it after his pit stop, probably because of a badly damaged right front wheel.
After Alonso had finished, Michael too had to retire due to damage to the rear suspension caused by the numerous fights during the race.
She is very sweet and she sings pretty well," he said according to a transcript of the press conference.
I was moved to be there wholeheartedly.
About three minutes after take-off, a camera on board showed that a number of pieces of insulation foam from the fuel tank had detached.
But it is not expected that they have damaged the shuttle in any way.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., the director of the shuttle program at NASA, said that the foam "after the time we were concerned about" fell.
After five minutes the wind comes on, about an hour later it reaches 70 km/h... Then it starts to rain, but the drops are so hard and big that they hit the skin like needles. Then it rained hail from the sky, people panicked, screamed and ran each other over.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The NHK reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that the earthquake had no impact and that the reactors number 1 and 2 of the Shika NPP had been shut down.
It is reported that about 9 400 houses in the region do not have water and about 100 do not have electricity.
Some roads were damaged and the railway traffic in the affected regions was disrupted. The airport in Noto in the Prefecture of Ishikawa remains closed.
A bomb exploded outside the office building of the General Government.
Three more bombs were detonated within two hours near government buildings.
According to some reports, the official number of deaths is eight and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured. However, there are no final figures yet.
So both cyanuric acid and melamine were found in urine samples of animals that died after eating contaminated house-domestic cat food
The two bonds react with each other and form crystals that can hinder the kidneys' function.
The researchers found crystals in cat urine that had been formed by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals is in accordance with the composition found in the urine of affected animals when they are compared by infrared spectros
I don't know whether you knew that most of the goods from Central America came without customs duties into our country.
However, eighty per cent of our goods were penalised in Central American countries with duties. We care for you.
I found that not sensible; it was certainly not fair.
I say to the people that we would like to be treated in the same way as other people are treated.
The California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill banning the sale or rental of video games that contain violence to minors.
The bill proposes that video games sold in California be marked with a sticker with the number "18" and that the sale of such games to minors be punished with a fine of $ 1,000.
The Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer QC gave a statement this morning in which he announced the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
Hughes has resigned and will be replaced by the Member of Parliament Ed Davey. It is expected that the Member of Parliament Norman Lamb will take over the role of the Minister for Business, which Davey just left.
Huhne and Pryce will appear before the Westminster Magistrates Court on Tuesday, 16 February.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla suffered wounds to the arm and the jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider required reconstructive surgery for his face.
The weapon of Uka had a recoil, when he shot at the head of a fifth man. Schneider has since been under chronic pain, blind in one eye and missing part of his skull. His face had to be rebuilt with titanium.
Schneider said via a video link from a base of the USAF in his home country.
On Wednesday, Carpanedo took part in the championship in two individual races.
Her first was the slalom, where she received a "Did not Finish" in her first race. 36 of 116 competitors in this race achieved the same result.
Her other race, the giant slalom, she finished with the 10th place in the ladies' group with a combined run time of 4:41,30. That was 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first placed Austrian Claudia Lösch and 1:09,02 minutes faster than Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary who finished in nin
Four skiers of the cruising skiing came not to the finish line, and 45 of the 117 skiers in the giant slalom could not place themselves in the race.
The police of Madhya Pradesh have recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The deputy general inspector D. K. Arya said: “We have arrested five people who have raped the Swiss woman and seized her mobile phone and laptop.
The names of the indictees are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanja, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the accused had appeared with their faces covered in court.
Although three people were in the house when the car drove into it, none of them were injured.
The driver suffered serious head injuries.
The road on which the accident took place was temporarily closed while the rescue services were freeing the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was then transferred to the Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya was summoned to the Sheriff Court in Edinburgh on charges of murdering her son.
She is in custody until the prosecution and trial, but eyewitness statements could be exaggerated because of the widespread publication of her picture." #
This is a common practice elsewhere in the United Kingdom, but the Scottish judiciary works differently, and the courts have considered the publication of photographs as potentially harmful.
Professor Pamela Ferguson from the University of Dundee remarks: "Journalists seem to cross a dangerous boundary when they publish photographs etc. of suspects.
The Crown Office which is responsible for prosecuting, has hinted to journalists that at least until the prosecution no further comments will be made.
According to a leak, the document is aimed at the border dispute in which the Palestinians demand a reversal of the borders in 1967.
Other issues that are allegedly covered include Jerusalem, which is holy to both nations, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel wants a military presence in the Jordan Valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, the Palestinian Authority wants such a presence only for five years.
The shooters of the accompanying attempt to control the plague should be closely supervised by rangers, as the attempt was monitored and its efficacy assessed.
In the context of a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc., qualified volunteers were recruited for the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting programme
According to Mick O'Flynn, the director of Park Conservation and Heritage at NPWS, the four selected hunters received comprehensive security and training training.
Martelly has just appointed a new provisional election commission (CEP) with nine members.
It is his fifth CEP within four years.
Last month, a Presidential Commission recommended the resignation of the previous CEP as part of the package of measures to steer the country towards elections.
The Commission was the response of Haiti's President Michel Martelly to the widespread regime-critical protests that began in October.
The trigger for the violent protests was the non-fulfilment of elections that have been due since 2011.
Over 60 cases of overheating have been reported in iPods that have malfunctioned. In total, six fires have been set and four people have suffered minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had 27 accidents in connection with the devices.
Last week, the METI announced that it had received 34 additional reports of overheating from Apple, which it described as "not serious
The Ministry of Finance responded by saying that the delay in the release of the report by Apple was'really regrettable'.
The earthquake struck Mariana at 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday.")
The Office for Disaster Management in the Northern Marians said that no damages were reported in the country.
Also, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had declared that there were no signs of a tsunami.
A former Philippine police officer has taken tourists from Hong Kong as hostages by kidnapping their bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza shot with his M16 rifle at the tourists.
More than a dozen hostages have been rescued and there are at least six confirmed deaths.
Six hostages, including the children and the elderly, were released, as well as the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took up the place of an elderly lady as she had to go to the toilet." Mendoza was shot. #
Liggins followed in the footsteps of his father and became a doctor.
He then trained as a midwife and took up his work at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959." #
While working in the hospital, Liggins began to examine premature contractions in his spare time.
His research showed that the application of a hormone accelerated the lung development of the foetus.
Xinhua reported that investigators have recovered two "Black Box" flight recorders from the government on Wednesday.
Ringer colleagues also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said: " "Luna was the first queen of extremes. My first manager. Luna died in the night of the two moons. Very unique, exactly like she. A strong woman.
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels gave the following comment: "Luna was as crazy as I was... maybe even crazier... I love her and I will miss her... hopefully she is in a better place.
Of the 1,400 people who were interviewed before the federal elections in 2010, the proportion of those who oppose Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008.
The temporary acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the election campaign for the federal election 2010, that she believed Australia would end its reign as a monarchy at the end of her reign.
34 percent of those surveyed share this view and want that Elizabeth II is the last Australian monarch." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
29 per cent of those surveyed said Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent said Australia should never become a republic.
The gold medal winner at the Olympic Games should swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three-person relays, but because of his many complaints his fitness was doubted.
He was unable to take the necessary medication to alleviate his pain, as they are banned at the Commonwealth Games.
On 25 January Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number.
Many people confirmed the discovery via different hardware and software in February and on Tuesday it was announced.
Cosmic dust may have been a source of water supply for the Earth, together with organic matter that forms proteins and allows life.
As comets collided with the earth in the distant past, they hope to gain insights into how planets, in particular the earth, are formed.
Cuomo (53) took over as governor earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He referred to the rumours as 'political nonsense and idle chatter'.
There is speculation that he may be seeking the Presidency of the European Commission in 2016.
NextGen is a system that the FAA claims would allow planes to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel and reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology rather than the older technology based on ground radar to enable the air traffic controllers to more accurately locate aircraft and to provide pilots with more accurate information.
There will be no additional transport facilities established and the underground trains will not stop in Wembley. There are no parking or parking-and-ride facilities available at the site.
With the fear of transport problems growing, the likelihood that the game would be played behind closed doors grew.
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported on the emergence of a new bird species on the Galápagos Islands.
Researchers at Princeton University in the United States and the Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species had developed within two generations, although it had previously been assumed that this process took much longer due to the mating between an indigenous Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant cactus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be processed into a variety of forms. It can be rolled into tiny forms.
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and braided. It can be hammered or rolled into leaves.
It can be made so thin that it sometimes became necessary to glue it to another metal, so that it could be used to decorate handwritten pictures, called picture manuscripts, in books called picture manuscripts.
That is called the pH value of a chemical. You can make an indicator with red vinegar.
The colour of the apple juice changes depending on the acidity or alkalinity of the chemical.
The pH level indicates the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the tested chemicals.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have been stripped of their electrons (because hydrogen atoms consist of a proton and
Mix the two dry powders together and then form them into a ball with clean, wet hands.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, which feels strange and forms a protective layer.
The cities Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a toilet in almost every house that was connected to a sophisticated sewage
Remains of wastewater systems were found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
In ancient Egypt, Persia and China, there were toilets. In Roman culture, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses, which men and women visited together.
If you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite in space receives the call and reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts our light and our view.
It is necessary to launch a gigantic rocket with a height of more than 100 feet to launch a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in a way that is unbelievable. The greatest service that the wheel has given us is much easier and faster transport.
It has brought us the railway, the car and many other means of transport.
In addition, there are medium-sized cats that eat prey of medium size, from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, there are still many small cats (including free-roaming domestic cats) that will eat much smaller prey items such as insects, rodents, frogs
The secret of their success is the niche concept, a special task that every cat has and that ensures that they do not compete with other cats.
Lions are the most social cats. They live in large groups, which are called clans.
The herds consist of one to three related adult males and up to thirty females and young.
Women usually have a close relationship with each other when they live in a large family with sisters and daughters.
Lions are similar to wolves or dogs in their behaviour, and are as dangerous to their prey as wolves or dogs are.
As a versatile athlete, the tiger can climb (although not particularly well), swim, long distance jump and with the fivefold power of a strong man pull.
The tiger is in the same family (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that can roar." #
The roar of the tiger does not sound like the confident roar of the lion, but rather like a sentence of gruff grumbling words.
Ozelots eat small animals. If they can, they steal monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds. Almost all animals that the ozelot hunts are much smaller than he is.
Scientists think that otters track prey (prey) with their olfactory sense and find it. They sniff it, where it has been.
You can see in the dark very well and move undetected. Ocelots chase their prey by matching their environment and then attacking it.
If a small group of organisms (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it originates (for example, if they move over a mountain range or a river or if they move to a new island, so that they cannot easily return to it), they will often find themselves in a different environment than before.
This new environment has different resources and different competitors, so that the new population needs different characteristics or adaptations to be a strong competitor than what it used to need.
The original population has not changed at all. It still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, the new population adapts to its new environment, and then it looks increasingly like the other population to it.
In the course of thousands or even millions of years, two populations will then look so different that they will no longer be classified as the same species.
This process is called specialization, which simply means the emergence of new species. It is an unavoidable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe, and they take carbon dioxide out of the air that we exhale (that is, exhale).
Plants produce their food by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We build our houses out of plants and make clothes out of plants. We eat mainly out of plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The Mosasaurus was the biggest predator of its time, so it feared nothing but other Mosasaurs.
His long jaws were equipped with more than 70 sharp teeth, including a further set on the tongue, which meant that there was no escape for any animal that crossed its path.
We don't know for sure, but he could have had a gabbled tongue. He ate fish, large fish, other Mosasaurs and was probably a cannibal.
He took everything in, even a great dinosaur like the T. Rex was not big enough for him.
While most of their food is known to us, the Romans had their share of strange or unusual meals, including wild boar, peacock, snails and a kind of frog called the seven-headed frog.
Another difference was that the poor people and women ate their food on chairs. The rich men preferred to hold banquets, where they sat on the side, while they ate their meals.
The Roman courts could not contain food that came from America or Asia in later centuries.
They had no wheat, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no Romans ever ate a goose.
The Babylonians built each of their gods a temple which was regarded as the house of the god.
They offered sacrifices to the gods and priests tried to comply with the will of the gods.
Every temple had an open temple courtyard and then an inner altar room, which only priests could enter.
Sometimes, special pyramid-shaped temples, called ziggurats, were built as part of the temple.
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the God.
In the warm climate of the Middle East houses did not have such a great significance.
The greatest part of the life of the Hebrew family took place under the open sky.
The women cooked in the courtyard. Businesses simply consisted of open shop windows. For building houses, stone was used.
There were no large forests in Kanaan, so that wood was very expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the old Norse sagas, Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder. When he traveled further west, he found Greenland and gave it the name Greenland.
But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes lived there in those times.
Although all the countries were "scandinavian", there were many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the film 'The Templer's Legacy', you may think that on the reverse of the Declaration of Independence there was drawn a treasure map.
That is not true. Although on the reverse of the document there is written something, it is not a treasure map.
On the reverse side of the declaration, the words 'original declaration of independence, dated on 4 July 1776' were written.
Whether or not it was written by someone, it is known that the great scroll (which measures 293⁄4 inches by 241⁄2 inches) was rolled up at the beginning of its life to be stored.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The landing on D-Day and the subsequent battles freed the north of France, but the south was still not free.
He was controlled by the 'Vichy' French. These were Frenchmen who signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the invaders, rather than fighting them.
On 15 August 1940, the Allies landed in southern France; the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
After only two weeks, the American and French liberating forces had liberated the South of France and turned towards Germany.
A civilisation is a distinctive culture shared by a significant number of people who live and work together, a society.
The word civilisation comes from the Latin word civilis, which means civil, related to the Latin word civis, which means citizen, and civitas, which means city or city state and also somehow defines the size of a society.
Cities are the precursors of nations. A civilised culture implies the transmission of knowledge over several generations, a lasting cultural footprint and a proper dissemination.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any relevant historical evidence and fail to be recognised as genuine civilisations.
While the revolutionaries were fighting for the creation of a strong central government, the 13 states formed first a weak central government, consisting of the Congress.
The Congress was not authorized to tax, and there was no national executive or national judiciary, so it relied on the authorities of the states, which often did not cooperate.
He had no power to suspend tax laws and duties between States.
The articles required unanimous agreement of all States before they could be amended, and the States took the Central Government so little seriously that their representatives seldom absent.
The Italian national football team is the second most successful team in the world and was FIFA World Champions in 2006.
Sports such as football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One motor racing are popular.
Winter sports are the most popular in the northern regions and Italians take part in international competitions and Olympic Games.
Japan has nearly 7000 islands, making it the seventh largest island in the world.
Because of the archipelago/group of islands, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
The beginning of Taiwan goes back to the 15th century, when European sailors passed by and recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa or beautiful island.
The Dutch East India Company establishes a trading post in the southwest of Taiwan, which leads to a change in the cultivation methods of the indigenous peoples and employs Chinese workers on their rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal regions of Taiwan and declared it a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
The Qing dynasty signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895, after the defeat in the first Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), in which it ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists mainly of three buildings, namely the Intihuatana, the sun temple and the space of the three windows.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt to give visitors a better idea of how they looked originally.
Up until 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu was restored, and the restoration work continues to this day.
For example, 35 mm is the most widely used film format in the world, which corresponds to the final film format of the analogue film era.
It is still made, but it is even more important that its image format has been taken over by digital camera sensor formats.
In fact, the 35-mm format is confusingly 36 mm wide and 24 mm high.
The ratio of this format (divided by twelve, to obtain the simplest integer ratio) is therefore referred to as 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS format family, for example) have exactly the same or very similar page ratio.
The much-maligned and often mocked third-rail rule is a simple directive that creates dynamism and at the same time preserves order in a picture.
It states that the intersection point of the lines that divide a picture vertically and horizontally is the most effective place for the main motif (see example).
In this period of European history, the powerful and rich Catholic Church was under scrutiny.
Since more than a thousand years, Christianity has kept the European states together despite different languages and customs.
His omnipotence ruled over everyone, from the king to the commoner.
One of the most important Christian beliefs is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty and that it is for this very reason that the money of the churches exists.
The central authority of the Church was in Rome for more than a thousand years. This concentration of power and money led many to doubt whether this principle was upheld.
In the immediate aftermath of fighting, Britain initiated a naval blockade against Germany.
The strategy proved effective, because it dealt with the country's vital military and civilian supplies, despite this blockade violating the generally recognised principles of international law, which had been codified in several international conventions of the last two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent ships from penetrating whole oceanic regions, which was a danger for neutral ships as well.
The response to this tactic was limited, and Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
In the 1920s, pacifism and isolation were the dominant attitudes of most citizens and countries.
After the experience of the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, the nations of Europe wanted to avoid another such situation in the future.
Tesla moved to the United States of America in order to take a position at the Edison Company in New York City.
He came to the USA with 4 cents in his pocket, a book of poems and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelor (his previous boss) to Thomas Edison.
The old China had a unique method of displaying different periods of time. Each period in China and each family in power was a separate dynasty.
The most famous period of these dynasties was the period of the Three Kingdoms, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and the Jin dynasties.
In these times, there were bitter wars among many nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The time of the Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died in the struggle for the highest throne in the great palace of Xi'an.
There are many social and political effects such as the use of the metric system, a departure from absolutism towards republicanism and nationalism as well as the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a ruler alone.
In addition, all professions were open to all male applicants, so that the most ambitious and best succeeded.
The same applies to the military, because the ranks were based on the caliber of the weapons.
The French Revolution inspired many oppressed people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Mohammed was very interested in things that went beyond the everyday life. He often went to a cave called 'Hira' on the mountain of 'Nur' (Light) to meditate.
The cave itself has survived the times and offers a lively picture of Mohammed's spiritual inclinations.
The cave is located on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca and is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In actual fact, she is not easy to find, even though you know that she exists. Once you are in the cave, you are completely isolated.
You can see nothing but the above, clear, beautiful sky and the numerous surrounding mountains. From the inside of the cave, very little is visible or heard from this world.
The Cheops Pyramid is the only of the seven wonders of the world that still stands.
The Cheops Pyramid was built in the third century B. C. by the Egyptians. It is one of many great pyramids built to honor the dead pharaohs.
The Giza Plateau or the 'Gizeh Necropolis' in Egypt's Valley of the Kings comprises several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
The great pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Cheops and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of his wives and family members.
The "sprinkle" symbol looks like a V and the "sprinkle" symbol looks like a square, where the lower line is missing.
Up means that you start at the top and push the paper forward. Down means that you start at the Frog (where your hand holds the paper) and pull it.
The erasing generates a softer sound, while the erasing is more powerful and expressive.
You are free to add your own pencil marks; however, the printed lines are there for musical reasons, so they should be respected.
The terrified King Louis XIV, Queen Marie-Antoinette, their two small children (the 11 year old Marie-Therese and the 4 year old Louis-Charles) as well as the sister of the King, Madame Elisabeth were forced to return to Paris by a mob of market women on 6 October 1789.
They travelled back in a coach to Paris, surrounded by a mob of people who threatened the king and the queen with violence.
The mob forced the king and queen to open their windows on their carriages.
Sometime later a member of the angry mob waved the head of a royal guard killed in Versailles before the eyes of the shocked Queen.
The expenditures of the American imperialists in the conquest of the Philippines were borne by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the colonial regime of the United States, to cover the bulk of expenditure, and the interest on the bonds flowed through the banks of Wall Street in the name of the Philippine government.
Of course, the superprofits that originated from the continual exploitation of the Filipino people were the fundamental profits of the US imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context in which the Order was founded.
The period in which the events took place is generally referred to as the High Middle Ages, a period in European history that spanned the eleventh, twelfth and thirteenth centuries (1000–1300 A.D.).
The High Middle Ages preceded the Late Middle Ages, which ended in 1500.
Technological determinism is a concept that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from the technology push or the technological imperative to the strict sense that the human fate is determined by a set of underlying logic that is linked to scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
The most common interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas. First, that the development of technology is a process that is largely beyond cultural or political influence, and second, that technology itself has "effects" on societies that are more intrinsic than socially determined.
It can be said that the motor vehicle is a necessary development of roads.
However, a national road network for only a small number of cars is economically unsustainable. Consequently, new production methods are developed to reduce the costs of car ownership.
The widespread ownership of cars also leads to an increased number of accidents on the roads, which in turn leads to the invention of new techniques in the health sector for repairing damaged bodies.
The Romantic movement had a strong, cultural deterministic element, which was drawn from writers like Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography was the geography that formed individuals. Over time, customs and cultures developed with reference to this geography and these, because they were in harmony with the place of society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
So, as Paris is the fashion capital of the modern world, so was Constantinople the fashion capital of the feudal Europe.
His fame as the epicentre of luxury began around 400 BC and lasted until around 1100 AD.
His status fell in the twelfth century, partly because the Crusaders returned with gifts such as silk and spices which were regarded as more valuable than the offerings of the Byzantine markets.
At this time, too, the title of the world's fashion capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 11th centuries.
At the beginning, the clothing was heavily influenced by the culture of Byzantium in the East.
But the styles in the West are 25 to 30 years behind the rest of the world.
At the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop a style of its own. One of the most important developments of the time was that people began to use buttons to fix their clothing.
Agricultural economics is agriculture that aims to produce just enough food to meet the needs of the farmer or the farmer's family.
The subsistence agriculture is a simple, often biological cultivation that uses surplus, in the region's ecoregion, native seed and uses rotational farming or other relatively simple techniques to maximize the yield.
In the past, most farmers practised subsistence farming and in many developing countries, that is still the case.
Subcultures bring together people who feel ignored by society's norms, and enable them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be differentiated on the basis of age, ethnicity, class, place and/or gender of members.
The characteristics that define a subculture as such are linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual or geographical.
The members of a subculture often signal their membership by a distinctive and symbolic style, which includes fashion, habits and jargon.
One of the most common ways of illustrating the importance of socialisation is to rely on the few unfortunate cases of children who have not been socialised by adults because of neglect, misfortune or deliberate abuse during their childhood.
Wild children are called "wild" or "wild." Some wild children were captured by people (usually their own parents); in some cases, the neglect of the child was due to the inability of the parents to accept the severe intellectual or physical limitations of the child.
Wolf cubs may have suffered massive child abuse or suffered traumatic experiences before they were abandoned or escaped.
Others have been reared by animals; some have lived alone in the wild.
If it was completely raised by animals, the wild child displays behaviors (in the context of his or her physical capabilities) that almost completely match those of its specific caretaker, such as its fear or indifference towards people.
While project-based learning should make learning more interesting and easier, the "scaffolding" goes one step further.
Scaffolding is not a learning method, but rather a support that assists individuals in a new learning situation, such as when using a new computer program or when starting a new project.
Gerüst" is a virtual and a real thing. In other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold, but also the little office-clipper in Microsoft Office.
Virtual assistance is built into the software and should prompt the student to consider, suggest and explain the steps that he or she may not be able to complete alone.
Children are placed in foster homes for a variety of reasons, including neglect, abuse, and exploitation, and for different reasons, which range from neglect to exploitation to
No child should be forced to grow up in an environment which is not caring, loving and educationally oriented, but many are forced to do so.
For us, the care system is a piece of security for these children.
Our family care system should provide a safe home, loving caregivers, a stable training and a reliable health care.
The foster home should cover all the needs that the child had not had in the home from which he or she had been removed.
The Internet connects elements of mass communication, as well as interpersonal communication.
The specific features of the Internet have led to additional dimensions in terms of the utility and reward approach.
For example, learning and socialisation are mentioned as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
Personal engagement and sustained relationships were also identified as new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied the public reactions to websites.
The use of video recordings led to important findings for the interpretation of microexpressions, short-lived facial movements.
In particular, it is claimed that one can detect lies by deducing the minimal changes in facial expression.
In his article The President's Speech, Oliver Sacks showed how people who have lost the ability to speak, but still can correctly assess the honesty of people,
He even claimed that the ability to interpret human behaviour may be shared with dogs like the Labrador.
Research in the Twentieth Century has shown that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation leads to new genetic variations and selection removes them from the pool of expressed variations.
Segregation and recombination mix the variation between the two pools with each generation in and out.
Out in the savannah, it is very difficult for a primate with a digestive system like that of a human to meet its nutritional needs from available plant sources.
In addition, it has serious consequences if you do not do it: depression, malnutrition and ultimately death.
The easiest to access plant resources would have been proteins in leaves and legumes, but these are difficult to digest for primates like us, unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal sources of food (insects, termites, eggs) are not only easy to digest, but also provide large amounts of proteins that contain all essential amino acids.
In general, it should not come as a surprise to us that our own ancestors have solved their "protein problem" in the same way as chimpanzees in the savanna today.
Sleep compensation is the process of goal-directed awakening during the normal sleep periods and the short sleep (10-60 minutes) later.
This can be achieved by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up without completely waking you up.
If you are someone who imagines the alarm clock in the night, you can place it on the other side of the room so that you have to leave the bed to turn it off.
Another way of using the circadian rhythm is to drink a lot of water (especially water or tea, which is known for its urinary-tonic effect) before going to bed, so that you have to wake up to go to the toilet.
The degree of inner calm that a person has is inversely related to the degree of tension in the body and mind.
The lower the tension is, the more positive the existing life force. Everyone has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it has been expanded to include the path of love of the Mahayana and many techniques of the Indian yoga.
In principle, the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of universal love.
With Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (awakening energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The centre of tibetan meditation is the goddess yoga. Through visualising various deities, the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the enlightened consciousness is born.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the USA. After the war, the collision of the systems, the course and the culture led to the countries being at odds.
Two years after the end of the war, the former allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
He should last for the next 40 years and be carried out in the real world by proxy armies on battlefields in Africa, Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On 17 September 1939, the Polish defence was already completely broken and the only hope was in a retreat and a reorganisation along the Romanian bridgehead.
The plans were quickly obsolete when more than 800,000 Soviet soldiers invaded the white Russian and Ukrainian fronts and created these after they entered into violation of the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact and other bilateral and multilateral international agreements into the eastern regions of Poland.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is the most efficient way to transport large amounts of people and goods over the seas.
The task of the navy has traditionally been to ensure that a country is able to carry people and goods and at the same time to hinder the enemy's ability to carry people and goods.
One of the most significant recent examples of this is the North Atlantic campaign during World War II. The Americans attempted to bring staff and material across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German Navy attempted to stop this traffic mainly by submarines.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have conquered Great Britain exactly as the rest of Europe.
Goats were apparently domesticated in the Zagros Mountains in Iran some 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and indigenous peoples began to keep them as livestock to get easily at their milk, fur, meat and skin.
House goats were usually kept in herds that wandered on hills or other pasture areas. They were cared for by goat herders, just like the more familiar sheep herders; often, it was children or adolescents. These grazing methods are
In the 16th century, England built railways.
Although the railway tracks consisted of parallel wooden planks, they allowed the horses to travel at higher speeds and to carry heavier loads than on the rougher roads of the time.
Since early on, barriers have been introduced to ensure that the railway is not left behind. Gradually, however, it became apparent that railways carrying a railway track are more efficient.
This was the customary practice, but the iron caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the carriages.
Finally, the wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. 1767 were the first fully iron railway tracks introduced.
The first known means of locomotion was walking. Man began to walk about two million years ago with the appearance of the Homo erectus (which means "standing man").
Your predecessors, the Australopithecus, did not walk as regularly as they should.
Two-footed species are found in Australopithecus fossils from about 4,2 to 3,9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can live more environmentally friendly, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even become activists to a little bit to alleviate future suffering.
This is in many cases only a symptomatic treatment. If you want to find the root of the problem, then you should treat it.
It is plainly obvious that the world has changed due to the scientific and technological advances of mankind, and that the problems resulting from overpopulation and the extravagant lifestyle of people have become more serious.
After its adoption by the Congress on 4 July, a handwritten draft signed by the Congress President John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson was sent to the printer of John Dunlap.
Over the course of the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, which are now known as "Dunlap broadsides.
The first public reading of the document took place at the Independence Hall on 8 July.
A copy was sent to Washington on 6 July, which was read to the troops in New York on 9 July. A copy reached London on 10 August.
The 25 Dunlap broadsheets that are still in existence are the oldest still existing copies of the document. The original handwriting has not survived the times.
Many paleontologists now believe there is a group of dinosaurs that survived and are still alive. We call them birds.
Many see them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and fly.
But many things about birds still look like dinosaurs.
They have feet with scales and claws, lay eggs and run on both hind legs like a Tyrannosaurus rex.
Almost all computers used today are based on the processing of information in binary form.
A binary number can only have one of two values, 0 or 1, and these numbers are called binary digits - or bits, to use the computer jargon.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The best sign of a poisoning by swallowing is the presence of an open container of medicines or toxic household chemicals.
Look for the specific first aid instructions for this specific poison on the label.
The term 'waste' is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this insect group.
This term derives from the ancient familiarity with bedbugs. These insects are very adaptable to parasitizing people.
So both bedbugs as well as fleas are nidicolous, that is, adapted to live in their nests or in their hosts' homes.
In the United States of America there are about 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), which is the most common neurological disease among adults aged between 20 and 40.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord and the peripheral nerves.
Research has shown that the risk of developing MS is twice as high in women as in men.
A couple can decide that it is not in their own interest or in the interest of their child to have a baby.
These couples can decide for an adoption plan for their baby.
When a child is adopted, the biological parents give up their parental rights, so that another couple can take over the parental responsibilities.
The main goal of science is to discover how the world works. This method is in fact the basis of most scientific investigations.
It is not just about experimentation, where an experiment is a test which is designed to exclude or confirm one or more of the possible hypotheses. Scientific research is also guided by the setting of questions and the conduct of observations.
Physicists and philosophers concentrated on classical texts and particularly on the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on all sciences, including psychology, were accepted.
With the loss of Greek language skills, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots in Greece.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are often based on the presence of body-specific rhythms and their production by biological clocks.
From a cycle of certain behaviors that are not only reactions to signs of external cycles, are known in most living things, even in bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that even in absence of external signals continue to oscillate in free-swinging cycles.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the most significant evidences that DNA is a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages or viruses to insert their own DNA into a bacteria.
They took two experiments, one in which they either labelled the DNA of the phage with radioactive phosphor or a protein in the phage with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have different effects, depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the relevant piece of genetic material, and whether it is a germ line cell.
Only mutations in germ cells can be passed on to children, whereas mutations elsewhere can lead to cancer or death.
Natural tourism draws people to visit areas of natural beauty, including wild plants and animals.
Exemplary activities are hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example of this is the visit, photography and study of orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small provincial towns by car, to their workplace and are passed by others whose workplace is the place they are leaving.
In this dynamic pendulum transport, all are in some way connected to a transport system based on private cars and support it.
The science now points out that this massive carbon economy has brought about a disturbance in the ecosystem that has been in existence for two million years, the human evolution that has been in existence for two million years.
Everyone takes part in society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about transport systems.
In developed countries you will rarely hear complaints about the water quality or the collapse of bridges.
Why are transport systems failing day in and day out? Are transport engineers just incompetent? Or is something fundamental going on here?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions that take place between them.
It is not easy to study traffic flows, because one cannot predict the behaviour of drivers with 100 per cent certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to behave reasonably consistently; therefore, traffic flows have a certain consistency and can be mathematically described.
To better represent the flow of traffic, the three main characteristics were defined: (1) river, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relationships help in planning, designing and operating facilities on the road.
Insects were the first animals to conquer the sky. Their ability to fly helped them to evade enemies more easily and to find more efficient food and mates.
Most insects can fold their wings along their bodies.
This enables them to have a wider choice of small underwear, in which they can hide themselves from predators.
Today, butterflies and moths are the only insects that can't fold their wings back.
In the distant past, a man named Aristarch claimed that the sun was the centre of the movements of the solar system.
Many people thought he was right, but many others believed that the solar system, including the sun, and even the other stars, were moving around the Earth.
It seems reasonable, because it doesn't seem to you as if the earth were moving?
The Amazon is the second longest and the most water-rich river in the world. It flows more than eight times as much water as the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, sometimes up to six miles wide.
Eighty per cent of the water that flows over the rivers of the planet into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
The Amazon main stream is 6387 km (3980 miles) long. It takes water from thousands of smaller rivers into it.
Although the construction of pyramids from stone until the end of the Old Kingdom continued, the pyramids of Gizeh in their size and the technical perfection of their construction were never surpassed.
Egyptians in the ancient New Kingdom admired the monuments of their ancestors, which were then more than a thousand years old.
Vatican City has a population of around 800 people. It is the smallest independent state in the world and the country with the smallest population.
Vatican City uses Italian for its legislation and official communication.
Italian is also the everyday language of most of those who work in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
Basic chemical elements such as gold, silver and copper are known to mankind since the ancient times, since these can be found in their original form in nature and are easily extracted with primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, posited the theory that all things are made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. This mixture was earth, water, air and fire.
This corresponded more or less to the four states of aggregation (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma. He also posited the theory that they would transform into new substances, to form what we see.
Ions are basically a mixture of two or more metals. Do not forget that there are many elements in the periodic table.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered as metals. Of course, there are also other metals such as silver and gold.
There are also alloys that contain small quantities of non-metallic elements such as carbon.
The universe consists of its entirety of matter. All matter consists of tiny particles, which are called atoms.
Atoms are so small that billions of them would fit in the end of this sentence.
As a result, the pencil was invented by many people to be a good friend to them.
It is unfortunate that the pencil has been pushed back into the background by the introduction of new writing methods, so that it has been pushed back in its status and in its use
Today, people write their messages on computer screens, without ever having to get close to a cliff.
We can be sure that something new will come out of the keyboard when something else comes along.
The atomic bomb is based on the principle that energy is required to assemble a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
Like if you roll a heavy car up a hill. If the core is split, some of this energy will be released.
Some atoms have unstable cores, which means that they can break down even at very low or even no stress.
The surface of the moon consists of rock and dust. The outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
The outer shell is about 70 km thick on the near side and about 100 km thick on the far side.
It is thinner under the Mare and thicker under the highland.
On the side, there could be more Maria, as the crust is thinner. It was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories concentrate on finding what people are interested in or attracted to.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that are acquired over time.
The theories concern what causes certain people to want exactly the things they do and what influences their environment to do or not to do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs and Hertzberg's two-factor theory.
Generally, two behavioural patterns can emerge when managers begin to lead their former colleagues. One end of the spectrum is the attempt to remain "one of the boys" (or of the girls) and the other is the attempt to become "one of
This kind of manager has problems, to take unpopular decisions, to carry out disciplinary action, to assign responsibility, and to take people into account.
At the other end of the spectrum, one becomes an unrecognizable individual who has to do everything differently than the team has done and takes everything for itself.
Finally, the team leader is responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behaviour often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are managed in the same way as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members have for their immediate physical group often the function of a contact point.
They often have more autonomy than traditional team members, since their teams can meet in different time zones, which may not be taken into account by the local leadership.
A truly invisible team (Larson and LaFasto 1989, p. 109) is also an unique part of a virtual team.
The invisible team is the leadership team that reports to each member. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.x
Why would an organisation take on the time-consuming process of implementing an organisational learning concept? A goal for the practical implementation of organisational learning concepts is innovation.
If all available resources are effectively used by all departments of an organisation, creativity and ingenuity can arise.
In the end, the joint work of an organisation on overcoming an obstacle to a new innovative process can lead to a new customer-oriented process.
Before an organisation can be innovative, the leadership must develop a culture of innovation and shared knowledge as well as an organisational learning approach.
Angel (2006) explains the concept of the continuum as a method to help organisations become more effective.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognition. This limits the research field and makes it much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
It is well known that various types of brain damage such as traumas, injuries and tumours can influence behaviour and cause changes in some brain functions.
New emerging technologies enable us to see certain brain structures and processes for the first time.
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models that help us understand the processes in our heads.
KI is not only associated with science fiction, but is also a very important branch of computer science which deals with behaviour, learning and intelligent adaptation of machines.
Research in the field of artificial intelligence includes the production of machines for automating tasks that require intelligent behaviour.
The examples are control, the setting up of strategies and timetables, the ability to answer customer questions and diagnoses, as well as handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Such things have become independent disciplines, which are focused on finding solutions to problems of the real world.
The KI system is now used in many areas of industry, medicine, engineering and military and is also incorporated into numerous software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are an important part of every school. Often a teacher would like to take her pupils to places where a bus journey is not possible.
Virtual excursions are a technical solution. The pupils can view museum pieces from their classroom, visit an aquarium or admire beautiful art works.
Sharing a virtual tour is also a great way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet School in North Carolina design each year a website about their trip to the capital of the state. The website is updated each year, but the previous versions remain online and serve as a collection.
Blogs can also contribute to improving the writing skills of pupils. Although pupils at the beginning of their blog experience often have a sloppy grammar and spelling, this changes usually when there is a readership.
Students are often very critical audiences, so the blogger makes every effort to improve his writing style to avoid criticism.
The blogging forces students to learn more about the world around them. The need to stimulate public interest inspires students to write well and interestingly (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages students to continue learning outside the traditional school day.
The appropriate use of blogs can help students to become more analytical and critical; by actively reacting to Internet material, students can define their own positions in the context of texts of others and present their own perspectives on specific issues.
Ottawa is the charming, bilingual capital of Canada and is home to a number of art galleries and museums that present Canada's past and present.
We are further south in the Niagara Falls, and further north, the untouched beauty of nature spreads in Muskoka and beyond.
All these things and other things make Ontario unique as what is considered typical of Canada by outsiders.
A large area further north is sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
A population comparison that many surprises: There are more African Americans in the United States than Canadian citizens have.
The islands in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Africa are located.
Madagascar is by far the biggest and, as far as the animal world is concerned, a separate continent.
The majority of the smaller islands are independent nations or attached to France and are known as luxurious seaside resorts.
The Arabs brought Islam to the country, and in the Comoros and Mayotte, it was very successful.
The European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route from Europe to India.
In the north, the region is bounded by the Sahel zone and in the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
Women: It is recommended that all women travelling should declare themselves married, irrespective of their actual marital status.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Women should recognise that cultural differences can lead to what they regard as an assault, and that it is not uncommon for them to be pursued, handcuffed, etc.
Keep firm, if you reject men, and do not hesitate to defend your position (cultural differences aside; that does not mean that it is okay!)
The present Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the 10th century before the beginning of time, and was used by the Phoenicians, the Romans and the Merinides as a strategic harbour with the name Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed them and rebuilt them under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon them after a earthquake in 1755.
The Moroccan Sultan built the city as Dar el Beida again and it was called Casablanca by Spanish traders who established trading posts there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
It is easy to find places in the old Medina where traditional Moroccan goods such as Tagines, ceramics, leather goods, water pipes and a whole range of tinned food are sold, but that is all for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city's streets, including the city centre.
While Goma is reasonably secure, it is advisable to plan any stay outside Goma carefully, to obtain information on the ongoing fighting in the province of North Ki
The city is also the starting point for the ascent of the volcano Nyiragongo and for some of the cheapest gorilla tracking tours in Africa.
You can use Bodabodas (motorbike taxis) to get around Goma. The usual (local) fare is ~500 Congolese Francs for a short ride
This in combination with its relative remoteness has made "Timbuktu" a metaphor for exotic, faraway countries.
Although Timbuktu is regarded as a tourist attraction and has a airport, it is today a poor city.
In 1990, it was added to the list of World Heritage in Danger because of the threat of sandstorms.
It was one of the most important stops on Louis Gates' PBS special "Wonders of the African World.
The city stands in stark contrast to the rest of the cities of the country, because it is more of an Arab than an African feel to it.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the northeast of South Africa. It borders in the east with Mozambique, in the north with Zimbabwe and in the
The park has a total area of 19,500 km2 and is divided into 14 different ecosystems, each of which supports a different animal species.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is regarded as the flagship of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As all South African National Parks, the Park charges daily entry fees.
It can also be worthwhile to buy a wild card, which gives you access either to selected South African parks or to all South African national parks.
Hong Kong Island is the namesake of the territory of Hong Kong and is the focus of many tourists.
The buildings that make up the Hong Kong skyline are compared with a shimmering bar chart that is visible through the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
For the best views of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head for the opposite shore of Kowloon.
The majority of the city formation of Hong Kong Island is concentrated along the newly acquired land along the north coast.
The place where the British colonists have made their home. If you look for traces of colonial history in the area, this is a good starting point.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forest in the world and extend over 80 km from the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland to the coast.
The Sundarbans were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within the Indian territory is known as Sundarbans National Park.
But forests are not only mangrove swamps – they also encompass some of the last remaining remnants of the mighty jungle which once covered the Ganges plain.
The Sundarbans stretch over an area of 3,850 km2, of which a third is covered by water and marshes.
The Sundarbans are a nature reserve since 1966, and estimates say that there are currently 400 Bengal tigers and around 30,000 spotted deer there.
Buses run all day long from the district-wide bus station (on the other side of the river) and most of the buses, especially those heading east and Jakar/Bumthang, leave between 06:30 and 07:30 a
It is advisable to buy a ticket in advance if you want to travel between the different districts.
Most districts are by small Japanese coaster buses, which are comfortable and stable.
Taxi services are a fast and comfortable way to get to nearby places such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a curved cable bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
Your two towers are 83 metres high, their length is 378 metres and they have two lanes with 3,50 m width.
The bridge's height is 15 metres. The construction work was completed in August 2011, but the opening for traffic was only completed in March 2017.
The bridge will be fully operational by September 2017. It is expected that the Brazilian customs checkpoints will be completed by then.
The Guaraní were the most important indigenous group that inhabited the present-day eastern Paraguay. They lived as semi-nomadic hunters who also
The Chaco region was also the home of other groups of indigenous peoples, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by
Paraguay, formerly the province of West Indies, was formed in the 16th century as a result of the Spanish conquest with the native Indian groups.
The Spaniards began the colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
Since the founding of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has been able to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is known for its polo team and its players to be among the best in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at Las Cañitas Polo fields.
Small tournaments and competitions can be watched at any time of the year.
Informations on competitions and ticket outlets for polo are available at the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP), whose value is set in accordance with the value of the British Pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged in the only bank on the island, which is located opposite the FIC West Store.
The British pound is generally accepted everywhere on the islands and at Stanley credit cards. Also US dollars are often accepted.
On the remote islands, credit cards are probably not accepted, but British and American currency can be accepted; ask the owners in advance about the payment method accepted.
It is almost impossible to exchange the Falkland Islands' currency outside the islands, so you should exchange your money before you leave the islands.
As Montevideo is south of the equator, it is there summer when it is in the northern hemisphere winter and vice versa.
Montevideo is in the tropics. In the summer months, temperatures can reach +30 °C.
The winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely fall below freezing point, but wind and humidity lead to feeling colder than the temperature on the thermometer.
There are no pronounced rain or drought periods: The amount of rainfall remains about the whole year about the same.
Although many of the animals in the park are used to the sight of humans, they are still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
In accordance with the instructions of the park authorities, visitors should at least 100 yards/meters from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals.
Even if Bisons, Wapitis, Elks, Bears and virtually all large animals can act peacefully, it can still happen that they turn on each other.
Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they do not take enough space. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so leave them enough space.
Be aware that odours attract bears and other wildlife. Avoid carrying strong smelling food or cooking it and keep your storage clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa and has a population of around 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 18th century and is the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The port was the scene of a shameful stalemate in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Great Britain refused to leave the port.
All ships except one British cruiser were sunk. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans died.
While the Mau Movement organised a peaceful demonstration in the city, Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III was killed by a group of armed men.
There are many beaches in Auckland, which are popular in three areas.
The beaches of North Shore (in the constituency of North Harbour) lie on the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Most of the beaches are sandy with safe swimming areas and most offer shade from Pohutukawa trees.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located at the harbour of Waitemata, in the affluent suburbs of Mission Bay and St Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are family beaches, which are sometimes overcrowded, with a beautiful promenade along the coast. Swimming is here safe.
The most important local beer is "Number One". It is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is "Manta".
There are many French wines to drink, but the New Zealand and Australian wines are probably better tolerated.
Local water can be safely drunk, but if you are worried about it, you will also find easily available bottled water.
For Australians, the idea of coffee ""flat white"" is foreign. A small black is ""espresso"" and a cappuccino is served with a lot of foam (not with milk). Tea is served
The hot chocolate is Belgian standard. Fruit juices are expensive, but excellent.
Many trips to the reef take place all year round and injuries caused by any of these causes on the reef are rare.
However, you should follow the Council of authorities, all signs and particularly pay attention to security warnings.
Shrimps are common in the vicinity of beaches and in the vicinity of river mouths from October to April north of 1770.
Sharks exist, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and would flee.
Saltwater crocodiles do not live in the sea, their primary habitat is in river mouths north of Rockhampton.
A reservation in advance gives the traveller the assurance that he will have a place to stay when he arrives at his destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, although you may also book other accommodations, such as tents, through a travel agency.
Travel agencies usually offer packages in which breakfast, transport to and from the airport or even a combination of flight and hotel are included.
You can also hold your reservation for you if you need time to consider the offer or to obtain further documents for your destination (e. g. a visa).
Any changes or requests should however first be made to the travel agent and not directly to the hotel.
Many festivalgoers decide to camp out at the festival and most visitors believe that this is an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action you must go early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that some parts of the festival will continue to play music until late into the night, even though the music on the main stages has stopped.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the North Sea in winter, check the state of the cabin, because the breaking of ice can be quite deafening for the most affected.
Cruise passengers are exempt from the visa requirement (see conditions).
Casinos generally try very hard to keep guests for as long as possible and to spend a lot of money.
You usually have a special offer for food, drinks and entertainment to keep the guests happy and to ensure that they stay.
Some casinos offer alcohol free drinks. However, intoxication impairs judgment, and all good players know how important it is to remain sober.
Who wants to drive in high latitudes or over mountains, should be prepared for snow, ice and temperatures below freezing.
On icy and snowy roads, the liability is low and you cannot drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
In very short time, so much snow can fall that you can get stuck.
The visibility can also be impaired by falling or drifting snow or by condensation or ice on the vehicle windows.
On the other hand, cold and snowy conditions are quite normal in many countries and traffic continues to run throughout the year largely uninterrupted.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
Safari is a term used in everyday parlance to describe a holiday to see the overwhelming African wildlife, especially in the Savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach cars close, and the standard equipment enables good visibility.
Leopards, lions and bears are often shy and you can observe them better with a telescope.
A bushwalk (also known as a "bushwalk", "walking safari" or "footing") consists of a walking tour which lasts for a few hours or several days
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will take place at other venues in all Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Olympic Games after it already hosted the 1964 Games.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the rescheduling was announced, you could get into a difficult situation.
The cancellation policies vary, but most of them were in force from March until July 2020, for the Olympic Games that were planned.
It is expected that most tickets will cost between ¥2,500 and ¥130,000, a typical ticket will cost around ¥7,000.
Wet clothing can help to dry out. Many hotels provide irons and ironing boards, even if you are not present in the room.
If there is no iron available or you do not want to wear ironed socks, you can try to use a hairdryer if one is available.
Be careful that the substance does not get too hot (this can shrink it or lead to burns in extreme cases).
To clean water there are different methods. Some of them prove to be more effective in dealing with certain threats.
In some areas it is enough to boil water for a minute, in others it is necessary to boil it for several minutes.
Filters vary in effectiveness, and if you have any doubts, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers can encounter animal pests that they do not know from their home regions.
Infestation can destroy food, cause irritation or even cause allergic reactions, give poison or transmit diseases.
Infections as such or dangerous animals that can cause injury or death to humans are not usually classified as vermin.
Free trade is the opportunity to buy goods that are exempt from duties and taxes at certain places.
Travellers whose destination country has a high tax rate can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, particularly when it comes to products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmount on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway is the most challenging driving section, because it often leads through remote, undeveloped terrain.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be careful: steep gradients, narrow roads and sharp turns prevail here.
The speed limits indicated are markedly lower than in the previous and following sections - usually between 35 and 40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and strict compliance with them is even more important than usual." #
But interestingly, the mobile coverage here is much better than in many other areas of the route, for example, the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German bread is very tasty. In Bavaria, it is very rich and varied, as well as in the Southern neighbour, Austria.
Sweet bread is widespread, with apples being cooked all year round and cherries and plums being used in summer.
Many German cakes also contain nuts, almonds or other nuts. Popular cakes often fit particularly well to a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but rich baked goods, then try this, which is called Berliner, pancakes or crêpes in different regions.
A curry is a dish that is based on herbs and spices, together with either meat or vegetables.
A curry can be either dry or wet.
In the interior of northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is usually used in curries; in southern India and other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is usually used
With a selection of 17,000 islands, Indonesian cuisine is a catch-all term that encompasses a wide variety of regional cuisines that can be found throughout the country
The term is used without any further attributes, and refers to the food that is traditionally from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine, which is now widely spread throughout the island group, offers a variety of simple spiced dishes. As flavouring agents, the Javans prefer nuts, chilis, sugar (especially javan coconut sugar) and a number of aromatic spices." #
Steigbügel are aids for the feet of the riders, which hang down on both sides of the saddle.
You give the horse more stability, but there are concerns about the safety of the rider because the rider's feet may get caught in them.
If a rider falls off the horse and gets caught on the stirrup, he can be pulled along if the horse passes. To minimise this risk, a number of precautions can be taken.
First of all, most riders wear boots with a heel and a smooth, narrow sole.
In addition, some saddles, in particular English saddles, have safety buckles which enable a saddle to fall off when it is pulled off by a falling rider.
The Cochamó Valley - Chile's most important climbing destination, known as the Yosemite National Park of South America, with a variety of large granite walls and -cliffs.
The summit offers a breathtaking view. Climbers from all over the world discover new routes along the walls, which offer endless possibilities.
Skiing and snowboarding are popular sports, in which one skis or rides a snowboard on his feet and descends a slope over a snow covered surface.
Skiing is a popular travel activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes also known as'ski-penners', who plan their entire holiday around the skiing at a particular location." #
The idea of skiing is very old - cave paintings depicting skiers go back to 5000 B.C.
The origins of skiing as a sport go back at least to the 17th century and in 1861 the first leisure ski club in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backpacking with a backpack: This activity is also known as ski touring or ski walking.
It resembles alpine skiing or mountaineering, however, as it does not necessarily require skis and boots of a more rigid nature.
Look at the ski route as a comparable hiking route.
In good conditions you can walk longer distances than you can on a ski slope, only very rarely you will reach the speed of skiing on a well-kept slope without a heavy pack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has several independent countries. Normally, you would have to apply for multiple visas and go through multiple passport controls if you want to travel through several countries.
The Schengen area works in this respect somewhat like a country.
So long as you remain within this zone, you can usually cross the border without having to go through the passport control again.
According to the agreement, you do not need to apply for a Schengen visa for each of the Schengen Member States individually, which saves time, money and bureaucracy.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define over 100 years old goods as antiquities.
The definition has geographical variations, where the age limit may be lower in areas such as North America than in Europe.
Handmade products could be described as "antique" although they are younger than similar products produced in mass production.
The reindeer breeding industry is an important source of livelihood for the Sámi, and the culture around the trade is also of importance for many who work in other professions.
As well as in the past, not all Sámi have bred reindeer in large numbers, but have lived off fishing, hunting and similar activities. They kept reindeer mainly as draught animals.
Today, many Sámi work in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in Sápmi, the Sámi region.
In addition to the term "Gypsy" being used mainly by non-Roma, it is often perceived as offensive because it is associated with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of Roma.
If for your country, which you will visit, a travel warning is issued, your travel insurance or travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult the advice of other governments as your own. Their advice is, however, aimed at their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Near East may be faced with other situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Conferences are only a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views expressed are often superficial, general and in comparison to the more detailed information that is available elsewhere, are too simplistic.
Flooding is the umbrella term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause damage, social disruption or loss of life.
Floods can occur anywhere in the world and there are different kinds of floods, which depend on the geography, topography and the atmospheric
Strong winds, hail, excessive rainfall and forest fires are forms and effects of weather phenomena, just as storms, tornados, thunder
Regional and seasonal weather phenomena are, among others, blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms.
Tourists are strongly advised to be on the lookout for any type of weather that affects their area, as this could have a major effect on all their
Everyone planning to travel to a country that is a war zone should have a professional training for that.
A search for ""course on hostile environments"" will probably show the address of a local company.
A course covers most of the problems discussed here in a much more detailed way, usually combined with practical experience.
A course is usually between 2 and 5 days long and includes role-playing, lots of first aid and sometimes weapons training.
There are numerous books and journals on survival in the wilderness, but few publications on conflict zones.
Travellers planning to undergo a gender-switching operation abroad must ensure that they have valid travel documents for their return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with a non-specified gender (X) or documents that have been updated to reflect the desired name and gender, is different.
The willingness of foreign governments to recognise these documents is greatly different.
The searches at security checks have become more intrusive in the period after 11 September 2001.
Transgender people should not expect that their privacy and dignity will be respected when passing through the scanners.
River currents are the return flow of broken waves, often at reefs or similar.
Because of the underwater topology, the return flow concentrates in a few deeper areas and a fast current can form there.
The majority of deaths occur by overexertion trying to swim against the current, which can prove to be impossible.
If you leave the current, it is not difficult to return.
Try to get somewhere where you are not caught again. Alternatively, if you are good at it, you might wait for rescue.
The shock of return is more intense than the shock of culture shock (the honeymoon phase is not as pronounced), lasts longer and can be more serious.
Travellers who were able to adapt easily to the new culture find it difficult to adapt to their home culture.
When you return home after a foreign stay, you have adapted to a different culture and have abandoned some of the customs of your home culture.
When you first travelled abroad, people probably were patient and understanding, because they knew that travellers had to adapt to a new country.
Man does not expect perhaps that returning travellers should be treated with patience and understanding.
The sound and light show at the Pyramids is one of the most interesting attractions for children in the area.
You can see the Pyramids in the dark and while it's still quiet, before the show begins.
Normally you hear the sounds of tourists and sellers. The history of noise and light is exactly like a story book.
The Sphinx is used as a background and narrator of a long history.
The scenes are shown on the pyramids, where the different pyramids are illuminated.
The Southern Shetland Islands, which were discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and have the most stations. In 2020 there were sixteen active.
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the island of Half Moon Bay. The largest is King George Island with the settlement of Villa Las Estrellas.
Other islands are Livingston Island and Deception, where the overflowing caldera of an active volcano offers a spectacular natural harbour.
Elsworthland is the region south of the Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the peninsula rise here and then descend again, forming the 360-km long chain of Ellsworth mountains, which splits off from the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern part or the Sentinel Range has the highest mountains of Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, whose highest peak is the Mount Vinson with 4892 m height.
In remote areas without mobile coverage, a satellite phone can be the only option.
A satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, since you must be in clear sight of a satellite, to make a call.
The service is often used by ships, including pleasure ships, and expeditions which require data and voice links.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to give you more information about the connection to this service.
An ever more popular option for people planning to take a year off is study and language courses abroad.
This is particularly popular among graduates, as it allows them to take a year off before university without affecting their studies.
In many cases, the participation in a foreign exchange programme can actually improve your chances of obtaining a higher education in your home country.
In most cases, a fee is charged for registration to these educational programmes.
Finland is a great destination for boat trips. The "land of thousand lakes" has also thousands of islands – in the lakes and in the archipelagoes.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In addition, even if the coastal island groups and the largest lakes are actually big enough for every boat, smaller boats or even kayaks offer a different experience.
Boating is the national pastime in Finland, every sixth or eighth person owns a boat.
This is similar to Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, the ratio is one to fourty.)
Most East-Sea cruises include a longer stay in St. Petersburg in Russia.
This means that you can visit the historic city for several whole days while you return and stay on the ship overnight.
If you only go on a tour of the countryside, you do not need a separate visa (in 2009).
Some cruises offer Berlin as a destination in Germany. You can see on the map above that Berlin is far from the sea, and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Travelling can be a terrifying experience for people of all ages and from all walks of life, especially if they have never travelled or have had a traumatic experience behind them.
It is nothing but the personal fears and antipathies that many people have.
To learn more about the workings of aircraft and the processes during a flight, it can help some to overcome their fears associated with the unknown or the feeling of not having control.
Courier companies are paid well for the fast delivery of things. Often, the time factor is very important in documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes, the larger companies use their own aircraft, but on other routes and at smaller companies, there were difficulties.
If they sent things via air freight, the loading and customs clearance could take several days on some routes.
The only way to get it done quicker was to send it as a baggage." The airline regulations do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger. You come in to play.
The obvious way to fly first class is to put a wad of cash on the table (or, better still, to force your company to pay for it).
But that is not cheap: as a rough guide you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare for business and the quadruple fare for first class.
It is pointless to look for discounts on direct flights from A to B, even if you are looking for business or first class seats.
The airlines know very well that there is a certain core group of pilots who are prepared to pay a lot of money to get to their destination quickly and conveniently and demand appropriate prices.
The capital of Moldova is Kishinev. The native language is Romanian, but many people speak Russian.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic that has suffered from ethnic conflicts.
In 1994 this conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by any UN member state.
In spite of the failure of the political negotiations, economic relations between these two parts of the Republic of Moldova were restored.
The most important religion in Moldova is the Christian Orthodox.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest harbour after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The once ancient city of Smyrna is today a modern, progressive and prosperous business centre, surrounded by mountains and located on a vast bay.
The wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping centres are shaped by classic red tiled roofs, the market from the 18th century, as well as old mosques and churches, although the city is more a feeling of the Mediterranean than that of traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík offers views of the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
On the cemetery there are some interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It is worth walking through the fascinating village for half an hour.
In the north and close to it lies the romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, which was known to foreigners after Lord Byron described its beauty in vivid colours.
The Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly from Cabo da Roca to Sintra.
Visit also in the north the great shrine of Our Lady of the Rosary of Fatima (pilgrimage site) – a place that is world famous for its Marian apparitions.
Please remember that you are actually visiting a mass grave and a place of immense significance for a significant part of the world's population.
There are still many men and women who have survived here, and many others with relatives who were murdered or worked to death, Jews and non-Jews alike.
Please treat this place with the respect, reverence and dignity that it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not vandalise the site by painting or scratching graffiti.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer Catalan, the majority understand it, and almost everyone can speak Spanish.
Most of the signs are however only in Catalan, because it is legally set as the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely spoken in public transport and other institutions.
Normal announcements are made in the Metro exclusively in Catalan, but unforeseen disturbances are reported by an automated system in a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are said to be egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Although this is often only a misleading stereotype, one finds oneself in Paris best at ease if one behaves like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-bred). This will make it easier to get on with things.
The crude exterior of the Paris agreement disappears very quickly if you show basic manners.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, there are mainly oak, fir and pine and it offers a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
He has a remarkable diversity of microclimates, different soils and altitudes, and a vast variety of plant communities.
The area is also home to a very large diversity of animal and bird species.
There are rare fauna such as European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owls, foxes, wild cats and chickens, as well as many more common species.
When visiting monasteries, women must wear skirts that reach up to the knees and cover their shoulders.
In most monasteries there are no diapers for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one in bright colours, the monk or nun will smile at you at the gate.
In addition, men must wear trousers that reach below the knees.
And these can be borrowed from the stock, but the clothes will not be washed after each user, so you may not feel comfortable in these shirts." For men there is a size-unique uniform!
The mallorcan cuisine is based, as in similar areas of the Mediterranean, on bread, vegetables and meat (in particular pork) and uses always olive oil.
A simple popular evening meal, especially in summer, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any available ingredient such as cheese, tuna etc.
All nouns begin with a capital letter for "you" in the middle of a sentence, even if they are in the middle of a sentence.
This is a very important way of distinguishing between some verbs and objects.
It makes reading easier, but writing is a little more difficult because you have to decide whether a verb or a noun is the main word.
The Italian pronunciation is relatively simple, since most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The most important letters are c and g, since their pronunciation depends on the vowel following them.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The Persian language has a relatively simple and largely regular grammar.
Because of this introduction to Persian grammar, you will learn a lot about Persian grammar and better understand the Persian language.
If you speak a Romance language, it is obviously easier to learn Portuguese.
People who speak Spanish fluently could, however, be quick to conclude that Portuguese is so similar that it is not necessary to learn it.
Ancient observatories are no longer in operation and are now used as museums or educational centres.
As the light pollution during its peak was not a problem, which it is today, they are usually found in cities or on university grounds which are easier to reach than the newer buildings erected in the last few years.
Modern telescopes are immense facilities in remote areas with favourable atmospheric conditions.
The viewing of the cherry blossoms, known as hanami, has been a part of Japanese culture for over eight centuries.
The concept is from China, where plum blossoms are the flower of choice.
In Japan, the first Cherry Blossom Festivals were held only for the imperial court and other nobles in the surroundings of the imperial court.
Plants look best in their natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove just one.
If you visit a formally laid out garden and collect samples, you will also be thrown out without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to live in, where one feels at home and can buy almost everything.
You are located in the extreme tropical and only a few degrees north of the equator, so you will have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely) as well as with strong winds (when the
There are also a few buses which go northwards to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives
Please ensure that the bus you want to travel on goes to Hebron and not only to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kirjat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good basis for planning a holiday.
For example, visits to castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or a cruise along the Erie Canal or a boat trip along the Thames.
They also present popular cycling and walking routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity and is regarded as the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the traditions associated with Christmas were also adopted by non-believers in Christian and non-Christian countries.
There is the tradition to spend the night of Easter in an open place to see the sunrise.
There are, of course, Christian-theological explanations for this tradition, but it could also be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
Traditional churches often hold vigils on Saturday evening, during the Easter weekend, when the celebrations of the communities often begin at midnight, when the resurrection of Christ is celebrated.
All animals that arrived originally on the islands have arrived either by swimming, flying or by swimming here.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals were not able to travel, which made the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galapagos Islands.
From the first humans to visit the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been introduced, including goats, horses, rats, cats and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun does not rise over the horizon.
This provides an excellent opportunity to see the Northern Lights, as the sky is usually dark around the clock.
Because the areas are sparsely populated and the light pollution is not a problem, you can also enjoy the starry sky.
The Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what Westerners might be used to.
Coats are a common business attire and colleagues address each other by their first names or by their job titles.
The harmony at work is crucial, with the focus more on group performance than individual achievements.
Many employees have to obtain the approval of their superiors before they make any decisions, and it is expected that they will obey the orders of their superiors without question.
