We have now 4 months old mice that had diabetes and now no longer have it.
Dr. Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and chairman of the Department of Clinical and Scientific Affairs of the Canadian Diabetes Association, noted that the research work was still in its infancy.
As others have pointed out, he was sceptical about the possibility of curing diabetes, and pointed out that the findings for people already suffering from type 1 diabetes would have no significance.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Prize Committee of the Swedish Academy, announced that the committee had ceased its efforts to inform Bob Dylan of his Nobel Prize for Literature award, after it had not been able to contact him personally.
Danius said: "At the moment we are not doing anything. I have called his closest colleague and sent him e-mails and received very friendly replies. That is enough for the moment.
Rings CEO Jamie Siminoff once said that he founded Ring after he could not hear his front doorbell from his garage workshop.
He said that he had built a wireless doorbell.
Siminoff said that sales had increased after his appearance on a show called "Shark Tank" in 2013, despite the fact that the judges on the show had rejected his funding.
Siminoff appeared on QVC in 2017.
Ring has also settled a dispute with the competing security company ADT Corporation.
While an experimental vaccine appears to be able to reduce the mortality of Ebola, there are no drugs yet proven to be effective in treating existing infections.
A cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, initially proved to be promising, but formal studies showed that it, what concerns the prevention of deaths, did not bring as many benefits as hoped.
In the PALM study, ZMapp was used as a control, that is, the scientists used it as a basis for comparison and compared the three other treatments with it.
USA Gymnastics supports the letter of the Olympic Committee of the United States and accepts it as a necessity that the Olympic family works to ensure a safe environment for all our athletes.
We are in full agreement with the statement of the USOC that the interests of our athletes and their teams and their sport are better served if we take meaningful steps forward within our organization, rather than a de-centralization.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could bring to light how widespread sexual abuse in the extent described by survivors of Lary Nassar has been so long undiscovered and welcomes all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal - to make the sport of gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes so that they can follow their dreams in a safe, positive and self-determined environment.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski worked as a consultant for John F. Kennedy and subsequently for the government around Lyndon B. Johnson.
In the years 1976 and 1977 he advised Carter in foreign policy and served as the national security advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981 in the wake of Henry Kissinger.
As a national security advisor, he supported Carter in handling world affairs, such as the Camp David Accords of 1978, the normalisation of relations between the US and China in the 1980s, the Iranian Revolution, which led to the hostage crisis in Iran in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
The film with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has received nominations in all main categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for the best actor and actress.
There are also nominations for the best film, the director, the camera, the lighting, the costume design, the editing, the original soundtrack, the production design, the sound mixing and the original script.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. Lionsgate Studio was nominated for 26 nominations – more than any other film studio.
On Sunday, the President of the United States, Donald Trump, in a read by the press secretary, announced that the US troops would leave Syria.
The announcement was made after a phone call between US President Donald Trump and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would carry out the surveillance of ISIS fighters whose repatriation was rejected by European countries.
This confirms not only that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, but also provides details that fossils in general cannot provide, such as color and three-dimensional arrangement.
Scientists say that the fur of this animal was on the top of the head brown and on the bottom of the head light- or carotenoid-coloured.
The find also provides insights into the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the dinosaur feathers do not have a well developed sheath called a quill, but other features of feathers – hooks and barbules – the researchers concluded that the quill must have been an earlier evolution than these other features.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation or for heart function.
Researchers claimed that although this is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows no feathers and is not a chicken.
A car bomb exploded at about 7:00 am in the Gaziantep police station, killing two policemen and wounding over twenty other people.
According to the governor's office, nineteen of the injured were police officers.
The police said they suspected a militant supporter of Daesh (ISIL) of being behind the attack.
They have discovered that the Sun operates on the same basic principles as other stars: It has been discovered that the activity of all stars in the system is driven by their luminosity, rotation and nothing else.
To determine the Rossby number of a star, which is related to the plasma flow, the brightness and the rotation are combined.
The smaller the Rossby number is, the less active the star is in terms of reorienting the magnetic field.
While on the journey, Iwasaki encountered many difficulties.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a vicious dog in Tibet, escaped from a marriage in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard runs on the frequencies 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This means that it can be backwards compatible with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g, provided that the base station has dual radio.
The speed of 802,11 n is significantly faster than the previous generation of devices, which had a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, married and two grown-up children, did not impress Miller, who was told the story.
When asked to comment, Miller said: "Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I have prepared myself and therefore could not hear what he said.
We will strive to reduce greenhouse gas emissions per GDP unit by 2020 by more than 50% compared to 2005 levels.
He did not give a figure for the cuts, but said they would be made on the basis of China's economic performance.
Hu encouraged developing countries to avoid the old path of first polluting and then clearing away.
But they should not be required to take on obligations that go beyond their development level, their responsibility and their skills.
The Iraq Study Group presented its report today at 12:00 GMT.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any action taken in Iraq at this time will stop sectarian warfare, growing violence or a slide into chaos.
The report starts with a request for open debate and consensus building in the United States on a strategy for the Middle East.
The report is highly critical of almost every aspect of the present policy of the Executive in relation to Iraq and calls for a change of direction immediately.
The first recommendation is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken by the end of this year to secure the Iraqi borders against hostile intervention and to establish diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current Senator and Argentine First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced yesterday evening in La Plata, a city 50 kilometres from Buenos Aires, that she is running for President of Argentina.
Mrs Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater. She began her campaign there in 2005 as a member of the provincial delegation of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by a controversy over the spending for the relief and reconstruction after Hurricane Katrina, which some fiscally conservatives have called ""Bush's New Orleans deal"".
The criticism of the Liberals on the reconstruction process has centred on the awarding of contracts to alleged insiders in Washington.
More than four million people came to Rome to attend the funeral.
The number of participants was so large that not all of them were able to obtain access to the burial on the Petersplatz.
A number of large television screens were erected in Rome so that people could watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and elsewhere, especially in Poland, similar institutions were installed, which were seen by many people.
Historicists have criticised the FBI for concentrating its resources on simpler cases, such as car theft, rather than on more complex cases, such as terrorism.
The Congress began in August 2005 with funding of the anti-obscenity initiative and set out that the FBI must deploy 10 agents to the adult pornography business.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score of the innings, 70 points, by hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The middle order batsmen, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, showed good performances and scored a partnership of 100 runs.
But after the loss of the goalkeeper's goal, India scored only 36 runs and lost 7 wickets, thus ending the innings.
The US President, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore at dawn on 16 November and began a week-long trip through Asia.
He was welcomed by Wong Kan Seng, the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore, and spoke with Lee Hsien Loong, the Prime Minister of Singapore, on trade and terrorism issues.
After a week of losses in the mid-term election, President Bush told the audience that he was expanding trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the ""Clean Air Act"" to a committee of all parties for a second hearing, after a 25-minute meeting with NDP Leader Jack Layton at the PMO on Tuesday.
Layton had demanded changes to the environmental law of the Conservative Party during the meeting with the Prime Minister, and had called for a "green and complete rewrite" of the Conservative Party's environmental law.
After the German Government had jumped in to take over the Mersey Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), some state and parliamentary members have criticised the process as a PR stunt ahead of the November federal election.
Prime Minister John Howard said that the sum of 45 million Australian dollars was only intended to protect the hospitals from being downgraded by the Tasmanian Government.
According to the latest Bulletin, the sea level measurements indicated that a tsunami had been triggered. In the vicinity of Pago Pago and Niue, a clear tsunami activity was recorded.
No significant damage or injury has been reported from Tonga. However, the power was out for a time, which reports say was the reason that the Tongan authorities did not receive the tsunami warning from the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre.
Fourteen schools in Hawaii, which are located near or on the coast, were closed for the whole of Wednesday, despite the warnings being lifted.
President George W. Bush welcomed the announcement.
Bush spokesman Gordon Johndroe described North Korea's promise as "a significant step towards achieving the verifiable denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula.
The tenth Atlantic hurricane season storm, named Jerry, has now formed in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that Jerry is not at this time a threat to landing.
The US Army Corps of Engineers estimated that 6 inches of rain would break the already damaged levees.
The Ninth Ward, which was flooded during Hurricane Katrina up to 20 feet high, is currently knee-high water, as the nearby levee was over-extended.
On a 100 ft section of the dam, water is flowing over the dam.
The Commons administrator Adam Cuerden expressed his disappointment at the distances he had to travel to speak to Wikinews.
He [Wales] has lied to us from the outset. Firstly, by pretending that this was done in legal terms. Secondly, by pretending to listen to us, until he was forced to abandon his artillery shells.
The irritations in the Community have led to the current efforts to draft a directive on sexual content for the website that hosts millions of openly licensed media.
The work was mostly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations made by the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect sought was caused by tidal forces between the dark matter of the galaxy and the dark matter of the Milky Way.
Like the moon attracts the Earth and causes tides, the Milky Way exerts gravitational pulls on the Sagittarius galaxy.
The scientists concluded that dark matter acts on dark matter in the same way as normal matter.
This theory states that most of the dark matter is in a kind of halo around a galaxy and consists of many small particles.
Television reports show that white smoke is escaping from the plant.
Local authorities in the vicinity of the plant are urging residents to refrain from staying within buildings, to turn off air conditioning and to drink tap water.
The Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency of Japan has reported that radioactive cesium and iodine were found in the nuclear power plant.
The authorities speculate that this indicates that tanks with uranium fuel may have been damaged at the site and possibly leak.
The extremely drug-resistant tuberculosis (XDR-TB) was discovered by Dr. Tony Moll in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In an interview he said that the new variant was "extremely worrying and alarming" because of the high mortality rate.
Some patients may have been infected with the virus, says Dr. Moll, and at least two were medical hospital staff.
In a year, an infected person can infect ten to fifteen close contacts.
However, the proportion of XDR-TB in the entire group of people with tuberculosis is apparently still low; 6,000 of the 330,000 people who are infected in South Africa at a particular time." #
The satellites, weighing more than 1,000 pounds each, collided at a speed of about 17,500 miles per hour over the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion was huge.
They are still trying to find out how extensive the collision was and how the Earth will be affected.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is searching for the debris.
The results of the plotting analysis will be published on a public website.
A doctor who worked at the children's hospital in Pittsburgh (Pennsylvania) was charged with murder after her dead mother was found in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, say authorities in Ohio.
Dr. Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the ground in Blue Ash, Ohio, a suburb of Cincinnati, shirtless and in his underwear, apparently under the influence of strong medication.
She led the officers to their black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
There was the body of Saroja Balasubramanian, 53, under blood-stained sheets.
The police said the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of the disease this season were reported in July.
The disease is spread by pigs and then migrates through mosquitoes to humans.
The outbreak of the disease prompted the Indian government to appoint slaughterhouses to collect thousands of mosquito nets and spray pesticides.
The government has also promised several million doses of vaccine against meningitis, which will help the health authorities to be ready for next year.
Plans for vaccines to be delivered in this year's historically most affected areas were delayed due to insufficient funds and low priorities in comparison to other diseases.
Sławomir Sławiński, a Polish painter, moved to Sweden in 1956, where he worked as a graver for the Swedish Post until he was promoted to the position of chief graver.
He produced more than 1,000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is highly regarded, and his name is one of the few names in the field of philatelic collecting that is known to collectors.
His thousandth stamp, issued in 2000, shows the magnificent painting "Heroic Deeds of Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and is in the Guinness Book of Records.
He was also involved in the cutting of banknotes for many countries. Current examples of his work include the portraits on the front of the Canadian 5- and 100-dollar notes.
After the accident Gibson was taken to hospital, but he died shortly afterwards.
The driver of the lorry, who is 64 years old, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was taken from the accident site about 12 noon GMT on the same day.
A person working in a workshop nearby the accident site said: "There were children waiting to cross the road and all were crying and wailing.
Everyone ran back from the accident scene.
More topics on the agenda in Bali are the preservation of the remaining forests of the world and the sharing of technologies that will help the developing world grow more sustainably.
The United Nations hope to establish a fund that will help the countries affected by global warming to deal with the effects.
The money could be used for flood-proof homes, better water management and plant diversity.
Fluke wrote that attempts by some women to speak about women's health were not successful.
She came to this conclusion because of the numerous positive comments and encouragement she received from both men and women who urged that contraception should be regarded as a medical necessity.
As the fighting stopped when the wounded were taken to hospital, only 40 of the remaining prisoners returned to their cells and refused to go back.
The negotiators tried to ease the situation, but the prisoners' demands are unclear.
At 22:00 and 11:00 MDT, the inmates in the yard lit a fire.
The police officers who were wearing protective suits soon entered the camp and pushed the inmates into the corner with tear gas.
The fire was finally put out at 23:35 p.m.
After the dam was built in 1963, the annual floods that spread sediments in the river stopped.
This sediment was necessary to form sandbanks and beaches that served as habitats for wildlife.
As a result, two fish species have disappeared and two more are threatened with extinction, including the Gila cypha.
The authorities hope that the rise in the level of the river will be sufficient to rebuild eroded sandbanks downstream, although it is only a few feet high.
There was no tsunami warning issued and according to the Indonesian Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami warning issued, as the earthquake did not reach the required strength of 6.5.
Although there was no tsunami threat, panic ensued among the residents and they began to evacuate their businesses and homes.
While Winfrey wept, she assured her fans that she would return.
This will not be the end. This is the end of a chapter and the beginning of a new chapter.
The results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have indicated that the incumbent president Hifikepunye Pohamba was re-elected with a large margin.
The ruling party, the South West Africa People's Organisation (SWAPO), retained a majority of votes.
The coalition forces and Afghan forces moved into the area to secure the location, and other aircraft of the coalition were sent to support them.
The accident occurred high up in mountainous terrain, and it is suspected that it was the result of enemy fire.
The efforts to find the crash site are hampered by bad weather and uneven terrain.
The worst outbreak recorded in Malawi since the country's independence in 1964.
Richard Veerman, spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, said: "Angola is on the verge of the worst outbreak of all time, and the situation in Angola is still very bad.
The games started at 10:00 a. m. with a great day and no rain at all in the morning, which quickly passed, but it was a perfect day for 7's rugby.
South Africa, the top-placed team in the tournament, began with a comfortable 26 : 00 victory over Swaziland, the fifth-placed team.
Despite the fact that the South African team looked tired in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa improved steadily throughout the tournament.
Her disciplined defence, ball control and excellent teamwork made her stand out and made it clear that this was the team to beat.
The Amsterdam police and the Anne Frank House say that the tree has been infected with a fungus and poses a threat to public health because it could fall at any time.
He should have been released on Tuesday, but a court emergency decision saved him.
All the cave entrances, also known as 'The Seven Sisters', have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 metres (328 to 820 feet).
Infrared images show temperature differences between night and day, which suggest that it is likely to be caves.
You are colder than the surrounding surface at daytime and warmer at night.
These caves are not so uniform as the great caves on Earth, which are often quite constant in temperature, but they agree with that, that they are deep holes in the ground.
In France, voting is traditionally a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth and insert a pre-printed sheet of paper into a sealed envelope containing the candidate of their choice.
After the officials have confirmed the identity of the voter, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs the voter list.
The French election law sets out the procedure pretty strictly.
Since 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can verify that no envelopes are present at the beginning of the election and that no envelopes are thrown except those of the properly counted and authorized voters.
The candidates may send representatives to witness every stage of the process. At night, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision and in accordance with special procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, previously launched on the market on the basis of price and functionality factors, was the hot topic at the Taipei IT Month show in 2007.
But the consumer market for laptop computers will radically change after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by the Republic of China.
The website of the station describes the show as "radio theater of the old school with a new and spooky twist!
In its early days, the show was only shown on the old Internet radio site TogiNet Radio, a site that places the emphasis on talk radio.
In 2015, TogiNet founded the satellite station AstroNet Radio.
The programme had originally local amateur subtitles from East Texas.
According to reports, looting lasted for several hours throughout the night, while police did not show any presence on the streets.
According to a witness, Bishkek was becoming more and more a state of anarchic chaos as gangs of people were roaming the streets and looting shops.
A number of residents of Bishkek blamed the demonstrators from the south for the lawlessness in the country.
South Africa beat the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby union match in a tri-nation tournament in the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg,
The final result was a 21-20 victory for the All Blacks, which ended their 15-game winning streak.
The Springboks have ended a five-match losing streak.
It was the last game for the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks earlier.
The final of the tournament will take place next week at Ellis Park Stadium in Johannesburg, where the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake struck at 22:08 on Monday in the western part of Montana.
No direct reports of damages were received by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) and the National Earthquake Information Center.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-northeast of Dillon and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte
It has been confirmed that the deadly avian influenza H5N1 has been infected by a wild bird that was found dead in a marshland in the vicinity of Lyon in the east of France on Monday
France is the seventh country of the European Union to be affected by the virus; after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Several suspicious cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Chambers sued God for "widespread death, destruction and terrorization of many millions of people on Earth.
Chambers, an agnostic, argues that his case is frivolous and that "anyone can sue anyone.
The story presented in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens is about a man whose life is determined by drugs and Japan.
So the actors smoke cannabis joints on stage and the theatre itself encourages the audience to participate.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congresswoman Michele Bachmann each reached the fourth, fifth and sixth place.
After the results were presented, Gingrich praised Santorum, but found harsh words for Romney, in whose name negative campaigning against Gingrich had been broadcast in Iowa.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of the primary election today and decide whether there is a further path for him in this race.
Barack Obama, who won the Ames-Poll in August, decided to end his campaign.
The photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he subsequently died.
According to initial reports, he was in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said: "While I was not present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
The TMZ website has learned that the photographer parked his car on the other side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the police check before he crossed the road and continued on his way, prompting the CHP officer who conducted the traffic check to order him back over the road twice.
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer will probably not be charged.
On a daily basis, only eighteen medals are available, so there are a number of countries that have not made it to the podium.
The Netherlands, where Anna Jochemsen yesterday in the Super-G won the ninth place in the standing of the ladies, and Finland with Katja Saarinen, who won the tenth place in the same competition.
Mitchell Gourley was ninth in the standing Super-G of men. The Czech rival Oldrich Jelinek was sixteenth in the sitting Super-G of men.
The Mexican Arly Velasquez came fifteenth in the men's Super-G (standing) and the New Zealander Adam Hall came ninth in the men's Super-G (standing).
The blind Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in the top thirteen in the Super-G. The South Korean Jong Seork Park finished in the Super-G men's
The UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti in 2010 to help with the aftermath of the earthquake were blamed for spreading the disease that broke out in the area near the camp of the force.
According to the complaint, the waste from the UN warehouse was not properly cleaned, which resulted in the introduction of bacteria into the Artibonit River, one of the largest rivers in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops, there had been no problems related to the disease in Haiti.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has cited independent studies which suggest that the Nepalese UN peacekeeping force may have brought the disease unknowingly to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, an expert on the disease, stated that the outbreak probably resulted from the Blue Helmets.
Hamilton confirmed that the Howard University Hospital has taken in patients in stable condition.
The patient had been in Nigeria, where some cases of Ebola virus have occurred.
The hospital followed infection control protocols, including the separation of the patient from other patients to avoid infection of third parties.
Before the Simpsons, Simon had worked in several shows in various roles.
In the 1980s, he worked on shows such as 'Taxi', 'Cheers' and 'The Tracey Ullman Show'.
In 1989, half Brooks and Groening at the creation of "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the hiring of the first writers' team of the show
While he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of producer and received royalties in the tens of millions of dollars each year.
Before that, the Chinese news agency Xinhua reported the planned kidnapping of a plane.
Other reports later said that the plane had received a bomb threat and had been rerouted to Afghanistan, where it had landed.
According to first reports, the plane was rerouted to Afghanistan after it was refused permission to land in Ürümqi.
Floods are a frequent occurrence in Iran, which has a poorly maintained fleet of ships which are both for civil and military use.
International sanctions have had the effect of not buying any new aircraft.
At the beginning of the week, three people were killed and three others injured.
Last month, Iran suffered its worst air crash in years, when a passenger plane crashed and killed all 168 people on board.
In the same month a passenger plane crashed into the end of a runway in Maschhad and collided with a wall, killing seventeen people.
Aerosmith have cancelled their remaining concerts on their tour.
The band should tour the United States and Canada until the 16th of September.
After Tyler fell off the stage during a performance on 5 August, they had to cancel the tour.
Murray lost the first set in the tiebreak, after both men held every point in the set.
Del Potro had a early advantage in the second set, but also this time a tie break was required after the 6:6 was reached.
The shoulder of the youngster has been treated, but he is still able to play football.
The programme began at 20:30 local time (15:00 UTC).
Famous singers throughout the country presented Bhajans, devotional songs, to Shri Shyams feet.
The singer Sanju Sharma opened the evening followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary, who also performed the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan accompanied by the singer Raju Khandelwal.
Then Lakkha Singh took over the leadership of singing the Bhajans.
Baba Shyam were 108 plates of Chhappan Bhog (56 different edible things, such as sweets, fruits, nuts, dishes etc., which are offered to the god)
Lakkha Singh presented the Chhappan Bhog Bhajan as well. The singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
On Thursday, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata unveiled the controller design for the new Nintendo Revolution console of the company.
Like a remote control, the controller uses two sensors which are placed near the television set of the user, in order to triangulate his position in the three-dimensional space." #
This will enable players to control actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and had to retire from the race before it even started.
His team-mate led the race most of the time, but finished it after his pit stop, probably because of a badly damaged right front wheel.
In a few minutes after Alonso had finished, Michael had to retire due to damage to the rear suspension caused by the numerous fights during the race.
She is very sweet and she sings pretty well, too," he said according to a transcript of the press conference.
I was moved to tears by every performance.
About three minutes after the launch, a camera on board the spacecraft captured the fragments of insulation foam from the fuel tank.
But it is not expected that they have damaged the shuttle in any way.
N. Wayne Hale Jr., the director of the Space Shuttle program, said that the foam "after the time we are concerned about" fell.
After five minutes the wind comes on, about an hour later it reaches 70 kph... Then it starts to rain, but the drops are so hard and big that they hit the skin like needles. Then it rained hail from the sky, the people panicked, screamed and ran each other over.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way I had to cross two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumping over them and pushing them.
The NHK reported that the nuclear power plant at Kashiwazaki Kariwa in Niigata was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported that the earthquake had no impact and that the reactors at Number 1 and Number 2 of the Shika plant had been taken offline.
It is reported that approximately 9 400 houses in the region do not have water and approximately 100 do not have electricity.
Some roads were damaged and the railway traffic in the affected areas was disrupted. The airport in the prefecture of Ishikawa remains closed.
A bomb exploded outside the office of the Governor-General.
Three more bombs exploded within two hours near government buildings.
According to a number of reports, the official death toll is around eight and official reports confirm that up to 30 people have been injured. However, there are no final figures available.
So far, both cyanuric acid and melamine have been found in urine samples of animals that died after eating contaminated pet food.
The two bonds react with one another and form crystals which, according to researchers at the university, may hinder the kidney function.
The researchers found crystals in cat urine that had been formed by the addition of melamine and cyanuric acid.
The composition of these crystals is in accordance with the composition found in the urine of affected animals when they are compared by infrared spectros
I do not know if you knew that most of the goods from Mexico came into the United Kingdom without duty.
However, 80 % of our goods were subject to duties in Central America. We are here to help you.
It did not strike me as being sensible; it was certainly not fair.
I tell people that we would like to be treated in the same way as other people are treated.
The California governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a bill banning the sale or rental of video games that contain violence to minors.
The proposal envisages that video games sold in California will be accompanied by a sticker with the number '18' and the sale of such games to minors will be punished with a fine of $1,000.
The Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer QC gave a statement today in which he announced the prosecution of both Huhne and Pryce.
Hughes has resigned and will be replaced by the Member of Parliament Ed Davey. It is expected that the Member of Parliament Norman Lamb will take over the post of Minister for Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform, which Ed Davey is leaving.
Huhne and Pryce are due to appear before the Westminster Magistrates Court on 16 February.
The victims were Nicholas Alden, 25, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla suffered wounds on his arm and on his jaw, while Kristoffer Schneider needed reconstructive surgery for his face.
The weapon of Uka had a recoil, when he shot at the head of a fifth man. Schneider is now blinded, has a part of his skull missing and suffers from chronic pain.
Schneider said from a base in the United States.
Over the meeting on Wednesday, he took part in the final of two individual races.
The first was the slalom, in which she received a "Did not Finish" in her first run. 36 of 116 runners in this race achieved the same result.
The other race, the giant slalom, she finished with the 10th place in the ladies' group with a combined run time of 4:41.30. This was 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first-placed Austrian Claudia Lösch and 1:09,02 minutes faster than Gyöngyi Dani from Hungary, who placed
Four skiers of the cruising skiing came not to the finish line, and 45 of the 117 skiers in the slalom race could not place themselves in the race.
The police of Madhya Pradesh have recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The deputy general inspector D. K. Arya said: "We have arrested five people who have raped the Swiss woman, and their mobile phone and laptop have been seized.
The names of the defendants are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanja, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanki said the defendants had been brought in with their faces covered.
While three people were in the house when the car drove into it, no one was injured.
The driver was left with serious head injuries.
The road, on which the accident took place, was temporarily closed while the rescue services freed the driver from the Audi TT.
He was admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya was indicted in the meantime before the Edinburgh Sheriff Court for the murder of her son.
She is currently in detention awaiting trial, but eyewitness accounts could be exaggerated, as they have been widely published.
This is a practice elsewhere in the UK, but the Scottish judiciary works differently, and the courts have found the publication of photographs to be potentially harmful.
Professor Pamela Ferguson of the University of Dundee comments: "Journalists seem to be crossing a dangerous line when they publish photographs and other material of suspects.
The Crown Office, which is responsible for prosecuting, has hinted to journalists that at least until the prosecution no further comments will be made.
According to the leak, the document is aimed at the border dispute, in which the Palestinians demand a reversal of the borders in the state prior to the Six-
Other topics which are allegedly covered include the future of Jerusalem, which is holy to both nations, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel wants a military presence in the Jordan Valley for 10 years from the signing of the agreement, while the Palestinian Authority is willing to accept only a five-year presence.
The hunters of the accompanying experiment to control the plague should be closely supervised by rangers, since the experiment has been monitored and its effectiveness assessed.
In a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) Inc., qualified volunteers were recruited for the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting programme.
Mick O'Flynn, the managing director of Park Conservation and Heritage, said that the four chosen for the first operation were given comprehensive security and training.
Commissioner Martelly has just confirmed a new provisional electoral commission (CEP) with nine members.
It is the fifth such CEP in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the resignation of the previous CEP as part of the package of measures to steer the country towards elections.
The Commission was the response to the widespread regime-critical protests that started in October.
The trigger for the sometimes violent protests was the failure to hold elections, some of which are due in 2011.
There have been over 60 cases of overheating of iPods reported. In total, six fires have been set and four people have suffered minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it had 27 accidents related to the devices.
Last week, the METI announced that it had received 34 more cases of overheating from Apple, which it described as "not serious
The Ministry of Finance responded by describing Apple's decision to postpone the report as "really regrettable.
The earthquake struck Mariana at 07:19 p.m. local time (21:19 GMT on Friday).
The Office of Emergency Management in the Northern Mariana Islands said that no damages had been reported.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had also stated that there were no indications of a tsunami.
A former Philippine policeman kidnapped tourists from Hong Kong by forcing their bus into Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza shot with his M16 rifle at the tourists.
At least six confirmed dead and several rescued hostages.
Six hostages, including the children and the elderly, were released early.
The photographers took up the place of an elderly lady when she had to go to the toilet. Mendoza was shot." #
Liggins followed in the footsteps of his father and became a doctor.
He went on to become a maternity doctor and took up his work at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959
While working in the hospital, Liggins began to investigate premature contractions.
His research showed that the application of a hormone accelerated the lung development of the fetus.
Xinhua reported that investigators from the government were on Wednesday recovering two "black box" flight recorders.
Ringer colleagues paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said: ""Luna was the first queen of extremes. My first manager. Luna died in the night of the two moons. Very unique, just like she. A strong woman.
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels gave the following comment: "Luna was just as crazy as me... maybe even crazier... I love her and I will miss her... hopefully she is in a better place.
Of the 1,400 people who were surveyed in the lead-up to the federal elections in 2010, 8 percent of those who opposed Australia becoming a republic have risen since 2008.
The current Prime Minister Julia Gillard during the election campaign for the federal election of 2010 said that her opinion was that Australia would end the reign of Queen Elizabeth II as a republic.
34 per cent of respondents share this view and want that Elizabeth II is the last Australian monarch.
29 per cent of respondents said Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent said Australia should never become a republic.
The gold medal winner at the Olympic Games should swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three-layer heats, but because of his many complaints his fitness was doubted.
He was not able to take the necessary medication to relieve his pain, as they are banned at the Commonwealth Games.
On January 25, Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the largest known prime number.
Many people confirmed the discovery via different hardware and software in February and on Tuesday it was announced.
Cosmic rays may have been a source of water supply for the earth, together with organic matter that forms proteins and allows life to develop.
These comets collided with the Earth long ago, and they promise to give us insights into how planets, in particular the Earth, are formed.
Cuomo (53) took office earlier this year and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He described the rumours as "political hot air" and "childishness.
It is speculated that he may run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system claimed by the FAA that would allow aircraft to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel and reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite-based technology rather than the older technology based on ground radar to enable the air traffic controllers to locate aircraft more precisely and to provide pilots with more accurate information.
There will not be any additional transport facilities established and the underground trains will not stop at Wembley. There are no parking or parking-and-ride facilities available at the site.
With the fear of transport problems growing, the likelihood grew that the game would be played behind closed doors.
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science reported the emergence of a new bird species on the ecuadorian Galápagos Islands.
Researchers at Princeton University in the United States and the Uppsala University in Sweden reported that the new species had developed within just two generations, despite the previous assumption that this process took much longer due to the mating between a native Darwin finch, Geospiza fortes, and the immigrant Kaktus finch, Geospiza conirostris.
Gold can be rolled into a variety of different forms.
It can be made into a thin wire which can be twisted and braided. It can be hammered or rolled into leaves.
It can be made very thin and glued to another metal. It can be made so thin that it sometimes was used to decorate handwritten pictures, called pictures, called pictureshandschriften.
This is known as the pH value of a chemical. You can make an indicator with red apple juice.
The ash changes colour depending on how acidic or alkaline the chemical is.
The pH level indicates the amount of hydrogen ions (the H in pH) in the tested chemicals.
Hydrogen ions are protons which have been removed from them (because hydrogen atoms consist of a proton and an electron).
Mix the two dry powders together and then form them into a ball with clean, wet hands.
The moisture on your hands reacts with the outer layers, which feels strange and forms a protective layer.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had a toilet in every house that was connected to a complex sewage system." #
Remains of sewage systems have been found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece." #
In ancient Egypt, Persia and China there were toilets. In Roman culture, toilets were sometimes part of public bathhouses, which men and women visited in mixed company.
If you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite in space receives the call and reflects it back down to earth.
The satellite was launched by a rocket into space. Scientists use telescopes in space, because the Earth's atmosphere distorts our light and our view.
It is necessary to launch a gigantic rocket with a height of more than 100 feet to launch a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in a way that is simply amazing. The greatest service it has given us is the simple and faster transport.
It has brought us the railway, the car and many other means of transport.
In addition to cats of medium size, which eat medium-sized prey, from rabbits to antelopes and deer, there are also foxes, jackals and hyenas.
In addition, there are many small cats (including free-roaming domestic cats), which eat much smaller prey such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret of their success is the niche concept, a special task for each cat and that ensures that they do not compete with other cats.
Lions are the most social cats. They live in large groups, which are called herds.
The packs consist of one to three adult males and up to thirty females and young males.
Women usually have a close relationship with each other, if they live in a large family with sisters and daughters.
Lions are like packs of dogs, animals that surprise the lion (but not other big cats) in their behaviour and are equally dangerous to their prey.
As a versatile athlete, the tiger can climb (although not particularly well), swim, jump long distances and pull with the fivefold power of a strong man.
The tiger is in the same family (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones that can roar." #
The roar of the tiger is not like the confident roar of the lion, but more like a series of grumbling words.
Ozelots eat small animals. If they can, they hunt monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds. Almost all animals that the ozelot hunts are much smaller than he is.
Scientists think that otters track animals for food (prey) with their olfactory senses and find them. They sniff them, where they have been lying down.
They can see in the dark very well and move undetected. Ocelots hunt their prey by matching their environment visually and then attacking it.
If a small group of organisms (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it originates (for example, if they move over a mountain range or a river or if they move to a new island, so that they cannot easily return), they will often find themselves in a different environment than they did previously.
This new environment has other resources and other competitors, so that the new population needs to have different characteristics or adaptations in order to be a strong competitor than what it used to need.
The original population has not changed at all. It still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, the new population adapts to their new environment, and then they look less and less like the other population.
After thousands or millions of years, two populations will look so different that they will no longer be considered of the same species.
This process is called specialization, which simply means the emergence of new species. It is an inevitable consequence and a very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe in and take in carbon dioxide that we exhale (that is, exhale).
Plants produce their food by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We build our houses out of plants and produce clothing out of plants. We eat mainly plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The Mosasaurus was the largest predator of its time, so it feared nothing but other Mosasaurs.
His long, sharp teeth were equipped with more than 70 sharp teeth, including a second set on the tongue, which meant that there was no escape for any animal that crossed its path.
We do not know for sure, but he may have had a hooked tongue. He ate fish, large fish, other Mosasaurs and may have even been a cannibal.
He took everything on board; even a great dinosaur like the T. Rex was not big enough for him.
While most of their food is known to us, the Romans had their share of strange or unusual meals, including wild boar, peacock, snails and a kind of frog called the seven-headed frog.
Another difference was that the poor people and the women ate their food on chairs. The rich men preferred to have banquets, where they sat on the side, while they ate their meals.
Roman courts could not contain food that came from America or Asia in later centuries.
They had neither wheat nor tomatoes nor potatoes nor cocoa, and no ancient Roman has ever eaten a turkey.
The Babylonians built each of their gods a temple which was regarded as the house of the god.
Man offered sacrifices to the gods and priests tried to comply with the wishes of the gods through rituals and festivals.
Every temple had a public temple courtyard and then an inner temple courtyard, which was only accessible by priests.
Sometimes, special pyramid-shaped temples, called ziggurats, were built as part of the temple.
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the God.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, houses did not have such a great importance.
The greatest part of the life of the Hebrew family played itself out under the open sky.
The women cooked in the farm. The shops were simply open to the street. For the construction of the house, stone was used.
There were no large forests in Canaan, so that wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the old Norse sagas, Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder. When he travelled further west, he found Greenland and gave it the name Greenland.
But regardless of his discovery, Eskimo tribes lived there long before.
Because all the countries were Nordic, there were many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and the history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the film "The Legacy of the Templars", you may think that on the back of the Declaration of Independence there was drawn a treasure map.
That is not the case. Although on the back of the document is written something, it is not a treasure map.
The original Declaration of Independence was written on the top of the document, with the words 'original Declaration of Independence, dated on 4 July 1776' written in the top right corner.
Whether it was written by one person or many, it is known that the great scroll (which measures 293⁄4 inches by 241⁄2 inches) was rolled up at the beginning of its life to be stored.
It is therefore possible that the note simply was added as a label.
The landing on D-Day and the subsequent battles freed the north of France, but the south was still not free.
He was ruled by the "Vichy"" French. These were Frenchmen who had signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940 and worked with the occupiers, rather than fighting them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies landed in southern France; the invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks, the Americans and the French liberated the South of France and turned their attention towards Germany.
A civilization is a culture shared by a significant number of people who live together and work, a society.
The word 'civilisation' comes from the Latin and means 'civil', which is related to the Latin civis, which means 'citizen', and civitas, which means 'city or city-state' and also somehow defines the size of a
Cities are the precursors of nations. Civilised culture implies the transmission of knowledge over several generations, a lasting cultural footprint and an equitable dissemination.
Smaller cultures are often lost without leaving any significant historical evidence and failing to be recognised as genuine civilisations.
While the revolutions were in progress, the 13 states formed initially a weak central government, consisting of the Congress.
The Congress was not empowered to tax, and there was no national executive or national judiciary, so it relied on the states for enforcement of its laws, which often did not cooperate.
He had no authority to abolish tax laws and duties between states.
The articles required unanimous agreement of all States before they could be changed, and the States were so little serious about their representatives that they often absented themselves.
The Italian national football team is the second most successful team in the world and was 2006 FIFA World Champions.
Favourite sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One motor racing.
Winter sports are the most popular in northern regions and Italians take part in international competitions and Olympic Games.
Japan has nearly 7000 islands (of which Honshu is the largest), making it the seventh largest island in the world.
Because of the cluster of islands, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
The beginning of Taiwan goes back to the 15th century, when European sailors passed through the island and recorded the name as Ilha Formosa or beautiful island.
1624 the Dutch East India Company establishes a branch in the southwest of Taiwan, which leads to a change in the cultivation methods of the indigenous people and employs Chinese labourers on their rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal regions of Taiwan and declared it in 1885 a province of the Qing Empire.
The Qing dynasty signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki in 1895, after the defeat in the First Sino-Japanese War, in which it ceded sovereignty over Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists mainly of three buildings, namely the Intihuatana, the sun temple and the room of the three windows.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex have been rebuilt to give tourists a better idea of how they looked originally.
By 1976, 30% of Machu Picchu was restored, and the restoration work continues to this day.
For example, 35 mm is the most widely used format worldwide, which corresponds to the end of the film era in the analogue era.
It is still made, but it is even more important that its image format has been taken over by the image sensor formats of digital cameras.
In fact, the 35-mm-format is confusingly 36 mm wide and 24 mm high.
The ratio of this format is therefore called 3:2.
Many common formats (the APS format family, for example) have exactly the same or very similar aspect ratios.
The oft-maligned and often mocked third rule is a simple directive that creates dynamism and at the same time preserves some order in a picture." #
It says that the intersection of the lines that divide a picture vertically and horizontally is the most effective place for the main motif.
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church was on the verge of becoming a powerful and rich entity.
The Christian religion has been the glue that has held Europe together for over a thousand years.
His omnipotence ruled over everyone, from the king to the common man.
One of the most important Christian beliefs is that wealth should be used to alleviate suffering and poverty.
The central power of the Church was in Rome for more than a thousand years. This concentration of power and money led many to doubt whether this principle had been adhered to.
In the immediate aftermath of fighting breaking out in Germany, Great Britain initiated a naval blockade against Germany.
The strategy proved to be effective, as it cut off the country from life-saving military and civilian supplies, despite this blockade being contrary to the generally accepted international law that has been codified by several international agreements of the last two centuries.
Britain mined international waters to prevent ships from penetrating whole ocean areas, which was a danger for neutral ships as well.
The response to this tactic was limited, and Germany expected a similar response to its unrestricted submarine warfare.
In the 1920s, pacifism and isolation were the dominant attitudes of most citizens and countries.
After the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, the nations wanted to avoid another such situation in the future.
Tesla moved to the United States of America in order to work for the Edison Company in New York City.
He came to the United States with only four cents in his pocket, a book of poems and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelor (his superior at his previous job) to Thomas Edison.
The old China had a unique way of showing different periods of time in China and each family that was in power was a separate dynasty.
In between the various dynasties there were also unstable times of divided provinces. The most famous of these periods was the period of the Three Kingdoms, which lasted for 60 years between the Han and the Jin dynasties.
In these times, there were bitter wars among many nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The time of the Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died in the struggle for the highest throne in the great palace of Xi'an.
There are many social and political effects such as the use of the metrical system, a departure from absolutism towards republicanism and nationalism, and the belief that the country belongs to the people and not to a single ruler.
As well as being open to all male applicants, all professions were available to all male candidates, so that the most ambitious and best could succeed.
The same applies to the military, for the ranks were based on the calibre of the weapons rather than on the social class of the applicants.
The French Revolution inspired many oppressed people in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Mohammed was very interested in things that went beyond the everyday life. He often visited a cave known as "Hira" on the mountain of "Nur" (Light) to meditate.
The cave itself has survived the times and offers a lively picture of Mohammed's spiritual inclinations.
The cave is located on the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca and is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it is not easy to find even if you know that it exists. Once you are in the cave, you are completely isolated.
There is nothing but the clear, beautiful sky above and the many surrounding mountains from the inside of the cave.
The Cheops Pyramid is the only of the seven wonders of the world that still stands.
The Cheops Pyramid was built in the third century B.C. by the Egyptians and is one of many great pyramid structures built to honor the dead pharaohs.
The Giza Plateau or the 'Gizeh Necropolis' in Egypt comprises several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
The great pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Cheops and many of the smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of his wives and family members.
The "spread" symbol looks like a V and the "stretch" symbol looks like a square, where the lower line is missing.
Up means that you should start at the top and then move the arrow.
The erasing generates a softer sound, whereas the erasing is more powerful and expressive.
You are free to add your own pencil marks; however, the printed lines are there for musical reasons, so they should be respected.
The terrified King Louis XIV, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two small children (Marie-Therese, 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, 4 years old), as well as the sister of the king, Madame Elisabeth, were forced to return to Paris by a mob of market women on 6 October 1789.
They travelled in a carriage back to Paris, surrounded by a mob of people who threatened the king and queen.
The mob forced King and Queen to open their windows wide.
Sometime later a member of the mob turned his head in the direction of a royal guard killed in Versailles.
The US imperialists’ war expenditures in the Philippines were paid for by the people of the Philippines.
They were forced to pay taxes to the colonial regime of the United States to cover the bulk of expenditure, and the interest on the bonds flowed through the banks of the Wall Street in the name of the Philippine government.
Of course, the superprofits that originated from the continued exploitation of the Filipino people were the fundamental profits of the US imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context in which they were founded.
The period in which the events took place is generally referred to as the Middle Ages, a period in European history that spanned from the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries (1000–1300 AD).
The High Middle Ages preceded the Late Middle Ages, which were followed by the Early Modern Period, which ended in the early 1500s.
Technological determinism is a concept that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from the technology-push or the technological imperative to the strict sense that the human fate is determined by a fundamental logic that is linked to scientific laws and their manifestation in technology.
Many interpretations of technological determinism share two general ideas. Firstly, that the development of technology is a process which is largely beyond cultural or political influence, and secondly, that technology itself has effects on societies which are more intrinsic than socially determined.
It can be said that the motor vehicle is a necessary development of roads.
However, a national road network for only a small number of cars is economically not sustainable. Therefore, new production methods are developed to reduce the costs of owning a car.
The widespread ownership of cars also leads to an increase in road accidents, which in turn leads to the invention of new techniques in the health sector for repairing damaged bodies.
The Romanticism had a strong, cultural deterministic element, which was drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography was the geography that formed individuals. Over time, customs and cultures developed with reference to this geography and these, because they were in harmony with the place of society, were better than arbitrary laws.
So as Paris is now known as the fashion capital of the world, so was Constantinople the fashion capital of the empire.
His fame as the epicentre of luxury began about 400 B.C. and lasted until about 1100 AD.
His status declined in the 12th century, mainly because the Crusaders returned with gifts such as silk and spices which were seen as more valuable than the available byzantine markets.
At this time, too, the title of the world's fashion capital was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
The Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 11th centuries.
At the beginning, the clothing was strongly influenced by Byzantine culture in the east.
Although the styles in the West are 25 to 30 years behind the rest of the world, the Internet has made it possible to communicate more quickly.
At the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop a distinct style. One of the most important developments of the time was the fact that people began to use buttons to fasten their clothing.
Needs management is agriculture that is aimed at producing just enough food to meet the needs of the farmer or farmer's family and the community.
Subsistence farming is a simple, often biological farming method that uses surplus, locally available seeds and combines it with rotational farming or other relatively simple techniques to maximize yield.
In the past, most farmers practised subsistence farming and in many developing countries, this is still the case.
Subcultures bring together people who feel neglected by social norms and enable them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures may be defined by age, ethnicity, class, place and/or gender of members.
The characteristics that define a subculture as such can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual or geographical.
The members of a subculture often signal their membership by a distinctive and symbolic style, which includes fashion, habits and jargon.
One of the most common ways of illustrating the importance of socialisation is to rely on the few unfortunate cases of children who have not been socialised by adults because of neglect, misfortune or deliberate abuse during their childhood.
Wild children are called ""wild"" or wild. Some wild children have been captured by people (usually their own parents); in some cases, the neglect of the child was due to the inability of the parents to accept the severe intellectual or physical limitations of the child.
Wolf cubs may have suffered massive child abuse or suffered traumatic experiences before they were abandoned or escaped.
Some of them have been reared by animals; others have lived alone in the wild.
If it has been raised entirely by animals, the wild child displays behaviours (in the context of its physical capabilities) that are almost entirely in accordance with those of its specific carer, such as its fear or indifference to people.
Project-based learning should make learning more interesting and easier, but scaffolding goes a step further.
Scaffolding is not a method of learning, but rather a support that assists individuals in a new learning situation, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Gerüsts" can be either virtual or real. In other words, a teacher is a form of scaffold, but also the little office stapler in Microsoft Office.
Virtual assistance is built into the software and it is intended to challenge, suggest and explain the steps that the student might not be able to manage alone.
Children are placed in foster homes in a variety of circumstances, ranging from neglect to abuse to extortion.
No child should be forced to grow up in a home environment that is not nurturing, loving and educationally oriented, but many are forced to do so.
For us, the care home is a piece of security for these children.
Our foster care system should provide a safe home, loving caregivers, a stable education and a reliable health care.
The care home should cover all the needs that they would not have had in their previous home, if they had not been removed from it.
The Internet connects elements of mass communication, as well as interpersonal communication.
The specific features of the Internet have led to additional dimensions in terms of the benefit-and-reward approach.
For example, learning and socialisation are cited as important motivations for Internet use (James et al., 1995).
“Personal engagement” and “ongoing relationships” were also identified as new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied the public reactions to websites.
The use of video recordings led to important findings for the interpretation of microexpressions, short-lived facial movements.
In particular, it is claimed that one can detect a lie by deducing the minimal changes in facial expression.
In his article The Speech of the President Oliver Sacks showed how people who have lost the ability to speak can still correctly assess the honesty of people.
He even claims that the ability to interpret human behaviour may be shared with dogs like the Labrador.
Research in the twentieth century has demonstrated that there are two pools of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation results in new genetic variations and selection removes these from the pool of expressed variations.
Segregation and recombination mix the variation between the two pools with each generation in and out.
Out in the savannah, it is very difficult for a primate with a digestive system like ours to meet its protein needs from available plant sources.
In addition, it has serious consequences if you do not: depression, malnutrition and ultimately death.
The most accessible plant resources would have been proteins in leaves and legumes, but these are difficult to digest for us unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal foods (insects, termites, eggs) are not only easy to digest, but also provide large amounts of proteins that contain all essential amino acids.
In total, we should not be surprised if our forefathers solved their "protein problem" in the same way as chimpanzees in the savanna today.
Sleep compensation is the process of targeted wakefulness during the normal sleep periods and the period of short sleep (10-60 minutes) later.
This can be achieved by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up, without waking you completely.
If you are someone who imagines the alarm clock in the night, you can put it on the other side of the room so that you have to leave the bed to turn it off.
Another way of basing the economy on the biological rhythm is to drink a lot of fluids before going to bed (especially water or tea, which is known for its urinary-tonic effect) so that one has to get up to urinate
The degree of inner calm that a person has is inversely related to the degree of tension in the body and mind.
The lower the tension is, the more positive the existing life force. Everyone has the potential to find absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but has been expanded to include the path of love of the Mahayana and numerous techniques of the Indian Yoga.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of universal love.
With Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (awakening energy) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
At the centre of tibetan meditation is the goddess yoga. Through visualisation of various deities, the energy channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the enlightened consciousness is born.
Germany was a common enemy in the Second World War, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the USA. After the war, the collision of systems, the course and the culture led to the countries being at odds.
Two years after the end of the war, the former Allies were now enemies and the Cold War began.
He should last for the next 40 years and be carried out in the real world by proxy armies on battlefields in Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defence had already collapsed and the only hope was in a retreat and a reorganisation along the Romanian bridgehead.
The plans were quickly obsolete when over 800,000 Soviet soldiers invaded the white Russian and Ukrainian fronts and created, after they invaded in violation of the Riga Pact, the Soviet-Polish Non-Aggression Pact and other bilateral and multilateral international agreements, into the eastern regions of Poland.
The use of ships for transporting goods is the most efficient way of transporting large amounts of people and goods over the oceans.
The task of the navy has traditionally been to ensure that a country is able to transport people and goods and at the same time to prevent the enemy from doing so.
One of the most significant recent examples of this is the North Atlantic campaign during World War II. The Americans attempted to bring personnel and material to the Atlantic Ocean to help Great Britain.
At the same time, the German Navy was trying to stop this traffic mainly by submarines.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have conquered Britain exactly as the rest of Europe.
It appears that goats were domesticated in the Zagros Mountains in Iran around 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and tribal peoples began to keep them as livestock to get easily at their milk, fur, skin and flesh.
Sheep were usually kept in herds, which wandered on hills or other pasture areas. They were looked after by shepherds, like the more familiar sheepherders; often, it was children or adolescents. This grazing system is still used today
In England, as early as the 16th century, people have built foundations for railways.
While the railway tracks were only made up of parallel wooden boards, they allowed horses to travel faster and carry heavier loads than on the rougher roads of the time.
In the early days, barriers were set up to ensure the position of the railway. Gradually, however, it became apparent that railways carrying a railway track were more efficient.
This was the customary practice, but the iron made the wheels of the wooden carriages wear out more quickly.
Finally, the wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first complete iron rails were introduced.
The first known means of locomotion was walking. Man began to walk about two million years ago with the appearance of the Homo erectus (which means "standing man").
The ancestors of the Australopithecus walked less regularly than they do today.
Two-footed species are found in Australopithecus fossils from 4.2 to 3,9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs as early as seven million years ago.
We can live more sustainably, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even become activists in order to ameliorate future suffering a little.
This is in many cases merely a symptomatic treatment. If you are not only looking for temporary solutions, then we should look for the root of the problem and treat it.
It is really obvious that the world has changed due to the scientific and technological advances of mankind and that the problems due to overpopulation and extravagant lifestyles of people have become more serious.
After its adoption by the Congress on 4 July, a handwritten draft, signed by the Congress President John Hancock and the Secretary Charles Thomson, was sent to the printers of John Dunlap some blocks away.
In the course of the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, which are known as "Dunlap broadsides" today.
The first reading of this document took place on 8 July in the Independence Hall in Philadelphia.
One was sent to George Washington on 6 July, who read it to his troops in New York on 9 July. A copy reached London on 10 August.
There are still 25 Dunlap broadsheets that are the oldest still existing copies of the document. The original handwriting has not survived the times.
Many paleontologists now believe that there is a group of dinosaurs that survived and still live today. We call them birds.
Many people see them as dinosaurs because they have feathers and fly.
But many things about birds look like dinosaurs to me.
They have feet with scales and claws, lay eggs and run on both hind legs like a Tyrannosaurus rex.
Almost all computers used today are based on the processing of information in binary form.
A binary number can only have one of two values, 0 or 1, and these numbers are referred to as binary digits - or as bits, to use computer jargon.
A toxic internal poisoning may not be immediately detected. The symptoms, for example vomiting, are so general that one cannot immediately make a diagnosis.
The best indicator of a poisoning by ingestion is the presence of an open container of medicines or toxic household chemicals.
Look for specific first aid instructions for this particular poison on the label.
The term 'wasp' is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this insect group.
This term derives from the ancient familiarity with bedbugs. These insects are very adaptable to parasitizing humans.
Rabies flies and bedbugs are nidicolous, i.e. adapted to live in their nests or in the homes of their hosts.
In the United States, there are approximately 400,000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), which is the most common neurological disease in adults aged younger and middle-aged.
MS is a disease that affects the central nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord and the peripheral nerves.
Research has shown that the risk of developing MS is twice as high in women as in men.
A couple can decide that it is not in their own interest or in the interest of their child to raise a baby.
These couples can decide for an adoption plan for their baby.
When adoption is made, the biological parents give up their parental rights, so that another couple can take on the parental responsibilities.
The main goal of science is to discover how the world works. This method is in fact the basis of most scientific investigations.
It is not only about experimentation, but also about testing, which is a test that helps to exclude or confirm one or more of the possible hypotheses.
Natural scientists and philosophers concentrated on classical texts and particularly on the Bible in Latin.
Aristotle's views on all scientific questions, including psychology, were accepted.
With the loss of Greek language skills, Western Europe was cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots in Greece.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are often the result of the presence of immune clocks and their production by biological clocks.
A series of behaviors that are not only reactions to external cycles are known in most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that even in absence of external signals continue to oscillate freely.
The Hershey-Chase experiment was one of the most important evidences that DNA is a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages or viruses to insert their own DNA into a bacteria.
They took two experiments, in which either the DNA of the phage with radioactive phosphor or a protein in the phage with radioactive sulfur was marked.
Mutations can have different effects, depending on the type of mutation, the significance of the genetic material concerned and whether the cells concerned are germline cells.
Only mutations in germline cells can be passed on to children, while mutations elsewhere can lead to cell death or cancer.
Natur-tourism draws people who are interested in visiting natural areas, to enjoy the landscape, including the wild plants and animals.
Good examples are hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example of this is the visit, the photographing and the studying of orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small provincial towns with their cars to go to their workplace and are passed by other people whose workplace is the place they just left.
In this dynamic pendulum traffic, everyone is connected to a transport system based on private cars and support it.
Now, the scientific community has pointed out that this massive carbon economy has brought about a drastic change in the biosphere from one of its stable states, which has supported human evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone takes part in society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about the transport systems.
You will rarely hear complaints about the water quality or the collapse of bridges in developed countries.
Why do transport systems fail so often? Why are they so inefficient? Or is there something fundamentally wrong here?
Traffic flow is the study of the movement of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and the interactions between them.
It is difficult to study traffic flows because one cannot predict driver behaviour with certainty.
Fortunately, motorists tend to behave in a consistent manner; therefore, traffic flows have a certain consistency and can be mathematically expressed.
To better represent the flow of traffic, the relationships between the three main characteristics were defined: (1) river, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relationships help in the planning, design and operation of facilities on the road.
The first animals to conquer the skies were insects. Their ability to fly helped them to evade enemies more easily and to find more efficient food and mates.
Most insects can fold their wings along their bodies.
They have a wider choice of small boots in which they can hide themselves from predators.
Today, butterflies and moths are the only insects that cannot fold their wings.
In the past, a man named Aristarch claimed that the sun was the centre of the movements of the solar system.
Many people thought he was right, but many others believed the opposite: that the solar system including the sun (and even the other stars) move around the Earth.
It seems sensible, because it does not seem to me that the earth is moving.
The Amazon River is the second longest and the most water-rich river in the world. It flows more than eight times as much water as the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river in the world, with some stretches reaching six miles wide.
About 20% of the water that flows over the rivers of the planet into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
The Amazon River main stream is 6387 km (3980 miles) long. It takes water from thousands of smaller rivers into it.
Although the construction of pyramids of stone continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the Pyramids of Gizeh never surpassed their size and technical perfection.
Egyptians in the ancient New Kingdom marvelled at the monuments of their forefathers, which were over a thousand years old.
Vatican City has a population of around 800 people. It is the smallest independent state in the world and the country with the smallest population.
The Vatican City uses Italian for its legislation and official communication.
Italian is also the everyday language of most of those who work in the state, while Latin is often used for religious ceremonies.
All citizens of Vatican City are Roman Catholic.
Basic chemical elements such as gold, silver and copper have been known to mankind since the ancient times, since these can be found in their original form in nature and are easily extracted with primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, posited the theory that all things are made up of a mixture of one or more of four elements. This was earth, water, air and fire.
This was more in line with the four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gas and plasma. He did, however, suggest that they could change into new substances, to form what we see.
Metals are in essence a mixture of two or more metals. Do not forget that there are many elements in the periodic table.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are regarded as metals. Of course there are also other metals such as silver and gold.
There are also alloys which contain small quantities of non-metallic elements such as carbon.
The universe is made up of matter in its entirety. All matter consists of tiny particles, which are called atoms.
Atoms are so small that billions of them would fit in the end of this sentence.
Therefore, the pencil was invented many people a good friend.
It is sad to say that the pencil has been pushed into the background by the introduction of new writing methods, so that it has lost its status and its use.
People write messages on computer screens, without ever having to touch a cursor.
We can be sure that the keyboard will be a lot more interesting when something newer comes along.
The atomic bomb is based on the principle that energy is required to assemble a nucleus with many protons and neutrons.
Like if you were to roll a heavy car up a hill. When the core is split, some of this energy is released.
Some atoms have unstable cores, which means that they can break down even at very low or zero velocity.
The surface of the moon is made of rock and dust. The outer layer of the moon is called the crust.
The outer layer is about 70 km thick and the inner layer is about 100 km thick.
It is thinner at the bottom and thicker at the top.
On the flank, there could be more Maria, as the crust is thinner." It was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Theoretical approaches to human motivation focus on finding what people are motivated by or attracted to.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that are internalised during their adulthood.
These theories deal with the reasons why certain people want to do exactly what they do and what influences in their environment cause them to do or not to do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs and Hertzberg's two-factor theory.
In general, two types of behaviour can be observed when managers begin to lead their former colleagues. One end of the spectrum is the attempt to remain "one of the boys" (or of the girls).
This kind of manager has problems, to take unpopular decisions, to carry out disciplinary measures, to assign responsibility, and to enforce disciplinary measures.
At the other end of the spectrum, you become an unrecognizable individual who has to do everything differently than the team has done and takes everything for itself.
Last but not least, the manager of the team is ultimately responsible for the success or failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are managed in the same way as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members have often the function of a contact point for their immediate physical group.
They often have greater autonomy than traditional team members, as their teams can meet in different time zones, which may not be taken into account by the local management.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (Larson and LaFasto 1989) is also an unique component of a virtual team.
The invisible team is the leadership team that reports to each member. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
Why would an organisation take the time and expense to introduce a learning organisation? A goal for the practical implementation of organisational learning concepts is innovation.
If all available resources are effectively used by all departments of an organisation, creativity and ingenuity can arise.
In the end, the joint work of an organisation on overcoming an obstacle can lead to a new innovative approach to responding to customer needs.
Before an organisation can become innovative, the leadership must develop a culture of innovation and shared knowledge, as well as the organisational learning and learning culture.
Angel (2006) describes the concept of the continuum as a method to help organizations become more effective.
Neurobiological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognitive abilities. This limits the research field and makes it much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behavior supports scientists in their research.
It has been known for a long time that various types of brain damage such as trauma, injuries and tumours can influence behaviour and cause changes in some brain functions.
New technologies are allowing us to see and explore certain brain structures and processes for the first time.
This provides us with a lot of information and material to build simulation models that help us understand the processes in our heads.
KI is not only associated with science fiction, but is a fundamental branch of computer science, dealing with behaviour, learning and intelligent adaptation of machines.
The field of artificial intelligence includes the production of machines that require intelligent behaviour.
Some examples are control, the setting of strategies and timetables, the ability to answer customer questions, and handwriting, voice and facial recognition.
Things like these have become independent disciplines, which are focused on finding solutions for problems of the real world.
The artificial intelligence system is used today in a wide range of fields, including economics, medicine, engineering and military, and is also incorporated into numerous software applications for home computers and video games.
Excursions are an important part of every school. Often a teacher would like to take her pupils to places where a bus trip is not possible.
Virtual field trips are a technical solution. Pupils can view museum pieces, visit aquariums or admire beautiful art works from their classrooms.
Sharing a virtual excursion is also a great way to reflect on a trip and share experiences with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet School in North Carolina design every year a website about their trip to the capital of the state. The website is updated every year, but the previous versions remain online and serve as a collection album.
Blogs can also help improve the writing skills of students. Although students at the beginning of their blog experience often have poor grammar and spelling, this usually changes as a result of a readership.
Students are often very critical audiences, so the blogger tries to improve his writing style to avoid criticism.
The blogging forces students to learn more about the world around them. The need to attract the attention of the audience inspires students to write intelligently and interestingly.
Blogging is a tool that inspires collaboration and encourages pupils to continue learning outside the traditional school day.
Blogs can help students become more analytical and critical, and by actively responding to Internet material, students can define their own positions in the context of texts by other students and their own perspectives on particular topics.
Ottawa is the charming, bilingual capital of Canada and it is home to a number of art galleries and museums that present Canada's past and present.
In the South are the Niagara Falls, and in the North spreads the untouched beauty of nature in Muskoka and beyond.
All these things and other things make Ontario unique as what is viewed as typical of Canada by outsiders.
A large part of the north is sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited wilderness.
A population comparison that many surprises: There are more African-Americans in the US than Canadian citizens.
The islands in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Africa are called the Indian Ocean islands.
Madagascar is by far the biggest and, as far as the animal world is concerned, a separate continent.
The majority of the smaller islands are independent nations or attached to France and are known for their luxurious seaside resorts.
The Arabs brought Islam to the islands, and in the Comoros and Mayotte it was very successful.
The European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when the Portuguese navigator Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route from Europe to India.
The region is bounded by the Sahel zone in the north and by the Atlantic Ocean in the south and west.
Women: It is recommended that all female travellers make a declaration of marital status, irrespective of their actual marital status.
Also, wearing a ring is helpful (don't wear a ring that looks too expensive).
Women should recognise that cultural differences can lead to what they regard as a violation, and that it is not uncommon to be followed, handcuffed, etc.
Keep up your courage, and don't be afraid to defend your position (cultural differences aside; that does not mean that it is okay!)
The present Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the tenth century before the beginning of time, and was used by the Phoenicians, the Romans and the Merinides as a strategic harbour with the name Anfa.
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it under the name Casa Branca, only to abandon it after a quake in 1755.
The sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city as Dar el Beida and it was called Casablanca by Spanish traders who established there trading posts.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places to shop in all of Morocco.
It is easy to find places where traditional Moroccan goods such as Tagines, pottery, leather goods, water pipes and a whole range of tinned food are sold, but that is all for the tourists.
Goma is a tourist town in the Democratic Republic of Congo in the extreme east near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano, which buried most of the city, especially the city centre, under itself.
While Goma is relatively safe, it is important to plan your stay outside Goma carefully to learn about the ongoing fighting in the province of North Kivu.
The city is also the starting point for the ascent of the volcano Nyiragongo and for some of the cheapest gorilla tracking tours in Africa.
You can use Bodabodas (motorcycle taxis) to get around in Goma. The usual (local) price is 500 Congolese francs for a short ride
This in combination with its relative remoteness has made it a metaphor for exotic, faraway countries.
Owing to its reputation as a tourist attraction and having a airport, Timbuktu is today a poor city.
In 1990, the threat of desert sand was added to the list of World Heritage Sites at risk.
It was one of the most important stops on the PBS special "Wonders of the African World.
The city stands in stark contrast to the rest of the cities of the country, because it is more of an Arab than an African feel to it.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is in the north-east of South Africa. It borders in the east with Mozambique, in the north with Zimbabwe and in the
The park has an area of 19 500 km2 and is divided into 14 different ecosystems, each supporting a different animal species.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered to be the symbol of the South African National Parks (SANParks).
As all South African national parks, the Park charges daily entry fees.
It can also be worthwhile to buy a wild card that allows you to enter either to selected parks in South Africa or to all South African national parks.
Hong Kong Island is the namesake of the territory of Hong Kong and is the focus of many tourists.
The buildings that make up the Hong Kong skyline were compared with a shimmering bar chart that is visible through the presence of the waters of Victoria Harbour.
For the best prospects for Hong Kong, you should leave the island and drive to the opposite shore of Kowloon.
The majority of the city formation of Hong Kong Island is concentrated along the newly acquired land along the north coast.
This is the place where the British colonists have made their home. If you look for traces of colonial history in the area, this is a good starting point.
The Sundarbans are the largest mangrove forest in the world and extend for over 80 km from the Bangladeshi and Indian hinterland to the coast.
The Sundarbans were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The part of the forest within the Indian territory is referred to as Sundarbans National Park.
The forests are not only mangrove swamps - they also encompass some of the last remaining remnants of the mighty jungle that once covered the Ganges plain.
The Sundarbans extend over an area of 3850 km2, of which a third is covered by water and marshes.
The Sundarbans are a nature reserve since 1966, and estimates put the tiger population there at around 400 and the spotted deer at around 30,000.
Buses run all day long from the district-wide bus station (on the other side of the river) and most buses, especially those heading east and Jakar/Bumthang, leave between 06:30 and 07:30 in the morning
Buses are often full, so it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Most districts are now being driven by small Japanese coaster buses which are comfortable and stable.
Taxi-hailing services offer a fast and convenient way to get to nearby places such as Paro (Nu 150) and Punakha (Nu 200).
The Oyapock River Bridge is a curved cable bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and links the cities Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in French Guiana.
The two towers are 83 metres high, their length is 378 metres and they have two lanes with 3,50 m width.
The bridge's height is 15 meters. The construction work was completed in August 2011, but the opening of the road was delayed until March 2017.
The bridge will be fully operational by September 2017. It is expected that the Brazilian customs checkpoints will be completed by then.
The Guaraní were the most important indigenous group inhabiting the present-day Paraguayan eastern region. They lived as semi-nomadic hunters,
The Chaco region was also home to other indigenous groups, such as the Guaycurú and the Payaguá, who survived by hunting, gathering and
Paraguay, formerly the province of West Indies, was created in the 16th century as a result of the meeting of Spanish conquistadors with the indigenous
The Spanish began colonization, which lasted for three centuries.
Asunción was founded in 1537 and has managed to preserve much of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is well known for its polo team and players to be among the best in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at Las Cañitas Polo fields.
Small tournaments and competitions can also be watched at other times of the year.x
Informations about polo competitions and ticket offices for polo are available at the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Pound (FKP), whose value is set in accordance with the value of the British Pound (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the only bank on the island, which is located opposite the FIC West Store.
The British pound will be accepted everywhere on the islands and at Stanley credit cards. Also US dollars are often accepted.
In the remote islands, credit cards will probably not be accepted, but British and American currency can be accepted; ask the owners in advance about the payment method that is acceptable.
It is almost impossible to exchange Falkland Islands currency outside the islands, so you should exchange your money before you leave the island.
Montevideo is located south of the equator, so it is summer in the northern hemisphere and winter in the southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is in the subtropics. In the summer months, temperatures can reach 30 °C.
The winter can be misleadingly cold: the temperatures rarely go below freezing point, but wind and moisture lead to a feeling of colder than what the thermometer shows.
There are no pronounced rain or drought periods: The amount of precipitation remains over the whole year in about the same.
Although many of the animals in the park are used to the sight of people, they are still wild and should not be fed or disturbed.
According to the instructions of the park authorities, visitors should keep at least 100 yards/meters from bears and wolves and 25 yards/meters from all other wild animals.
Even if Bisons, Wapitis, Elches, bears and practically all large animals appear to be peaceful, it can still happen that they turn on each other.
Each year, dozens of visitors are injured because they do not take enough space. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so let them have enough space.
Be aware that odours attract bears and other wildlife. Avoid carrying strong-smelling foods or cooking them and be aware of a clean storage area.
Apia is the capital of the island of Upolu and has a population of around 40,000.
Apia was founded in the 18th century and is now the official capital of Samoa.
The port was the scene of a shameful stalemate in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Great Britain refused to leave the port.
All ships except one British warship were sunk. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans perished.
While the Mau-Mau movement organized a peaceful demonstration in the city, a peaceful meeting in the city led to the killing of the top leader Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III.
In Auckland there are two ports, and there are many beaches. The most popular beaches are located in three areas.
The beaches of North Shore (in the North Harbour district) lie on the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Bay in the north to Devonport in the south.
Most of the beaches are sandy with safe swimming areas and most offer shade, which is provided by the Pohutukawa trees.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located at the port of Waitemata, in the upper-middle-class suburbs of Mission Bay and St. Heliers in Central Auckland.
There are family beaches, which are sometimes overcrowded, with a beautiful promenade along the coast. Swimming is here safe.
The most important local beer is "Number One". It is not a complex beer, but pleasant and refreshing. The other local beer is "Manta".
There are many French wines to drink, but the New Zealand and Australian wines may be better tolerated.
Local tap water can be safely drunk, but if you are worried, you will also find easily available bottled water.
For Australians, the idea of coffee ""flat white"" is foreign. A small black coffee is ""espresso"" and a cappuccino is served with foam (not with milk) and tea is served without
Hot chocolate is Belgian standard. Fruit juices are expensive, but very good.
Many trips to the reef take place all year round, and injuries caused by any of these causes on the reef are rare.
Although you should follow the advice of local authorities, pay particular attention to safety warnings and ensure that you pay attention to the warnings.
Shrimps are common in the vicinity of beaches and in the vicinity of river mouths from October to April north of 1770. They can occasionally occur outside this period.
Sharks exist, but they are rarely aggressive towards humans. Most sharks are afraid of humans and would flee.
Saltwater crocodiles do not live in the sea, their primary habitat is in river mouths north of Rockhampton.
A reservation in advance gives the traveller the certainty that he will have a place to stay when he arrives at his destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, although they may also book other accommodation forms, such as tent sites, through a travel agency.
Travel agents usually offer packages in which breakfast, transport to and from the airport or even a combination of flight and hotel are included.
You can also hold your reservation for you if you need to reconsider the offer or to obtain further documents for your destination (for example, a visa).
Any changes or requests should be made first to the travel agent and not directly to the hotel.
Many festival-goers decide to camp out at the festival and most visitors consider this to be an important part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the action, you must go early to get a campsite near the music.
Remember that on some of the festival stages, music will continue to play until late into the night, even though the music on the main stages has stopped.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the Baltic Sea in winter, check the position of the cabin, as the breaking of ice can cause quite a lot of noise for the most affected.
Cruises to St. Petersburg also offer time to visit the city. Passengers are exempt from visa requirements (see conditions).
Casinos generally try to keep their guests for as long as possible and to spend as much money as possible. There are no windows or clocks, and exits are sometimes difficult to find.
They usually have a special offer of food, drinks and entertainment to keep the guests entertained and ensure that they stay.
Some casinos offer alcoholic beverages free of charge. However, it is clear that drunkenness impairs judgment, and all good players know how important it is to
If you want to travel in high latitudes or over mountain passes, you should be prepared for snow, ice and temperatures below freezing.
On icy and snowy roads, the liability is low and you can not drive as if you were on bare asphalt.
In very short time, so much snow can fall that you can't move.
The visibility can also be impaired by falling or drifting snow or by condensation or ice on the vehicle windows.
On the other hand, cold and snowy conditions are common in many countries, and traffic is running all year round almost entirely uninterrupted.
Safaris are perhaps the biggest tourist attraction in Africa and the highlight for many visitors.
Safari" is a common term in the English language for a trip to Africa to see the wildlife. It is especially used in the context of a safari in the African Savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach cars close to them, and standard equipment enables good visibility.
Lions, leopards and cheetahs are often shy and you can observe them better with a telescope.
A bushwalk (also known as a bushwalk, bushwalking or footing) consists of a walk which either takes a few hours or several days.
The Paralympics will take place from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will take place at other venues in all Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Olympic Summer Games after it already hosted the Summer Olympics in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the rescheduling was announced, you could find yourself in a difficult situation.
The cancellation policies vary, but most of them did not apply until the end of March, when most of them were not valid until the end of July, when the Olympic Games were
It is estimated that most tickets will cost between 2500¥ and 130,000¥, a typical ticket will cost about 7000¥.
Washing your clothes can help drying. Many hotels provide iron and ironing board, even if you are not present in the room.
If there is no iron available or you do not want to wear ironed socks, you can try to use a hairdryer if one is available.
Please be careful not to overheat the material (it can shrink it or in extreme cases lead to burns).
There are various methods for cleaning water. Some of them are more effective than others in preventing certain dangers.
In some regions, it is enough to boil water for a minute, in other regions it is necessary to boil it for several minutes.
The effectiveness of filters varies greatly, and if you have any concerns, then you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers can encounter animal pests that they do not know from their home regions.
Infestation can destroy food, cause irritation or even cause allergic reactions, give poison or transmit diseases.
Infections as such or dangerous animals that can kill or injure people are not usually classified as vermin.
Free trade is the ability to buy goods that are exempt from taxes and duties at certain locations.
Travellers whose destination country has a high taxation rate can sometimes save a considerable amount of money, particularly in the case of products such as alcoholic beverages and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fairmount on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway is the most challenging driving section, as it often leads through remote, undeveloped terrain.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be careful: steep gradients, narrow roads and sharp bends are more prevalent here.
The speed limits indicated are markedly lower than in the previous and following sections - usually between 35 and 40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and strict compliance with them is even more important than usual." #
But interestingly, the mobile coverage here is much better than in many other areas of the route, such as the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German bread is very tasty. In Bavaria, it is very rich and varied, as well as in Austria.
Sweet bread is widely available, with apples being boiled all year round and pears and plums being used in summer.
Many German baked goods also contain nuts, almonds or other nuts. Popular cakes often fit particularly well to a cup of strong coffee.
If you want to make small, but rich cakes, then try this, which is called Berliner, pancakes or crêpes in different regions.
A curry is a dish that is based on herbs and spices, with either meat or vegetables.
A curry can be either dry or wet depending on the amount of liquid.
In the interior of Northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is usually used in curries; in South India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is used
With a selection of 17,000 islands, Indonesian cuisine is a catch-all term that encompasses a great variety of regional cuisines that can be found throughout the country
When the term is used without any further attributes, it usually refers to the food that originated from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The Javanese cuisine, which is now widely spread throughout the archipelago, offers a variety of simple spiced dishes. As flavouring agents, the Javans prefer nuts, chilis, sugar (especially javanese coconut sugar) and a number of aromatic spices
Riders' saddles are aids for the feet of the riders, which hang down on both sides of the saddle.
They give the horse more stability, but there are security concerns because the feet of the horse may get caught in them.
If a horse falls off the horse and gets caught on the stirrup, it can be pulled along if the horse passes. To minimise this risk, a number of precautions can be taken.
First of all, most riders wear boots with a heel and a smooth, narrow sole.
In addition, some saddles, in particular English saddles, have safety buckles which allow the saddle to fall off when it is pulled back by a falling rider.
The Cochamo Valley – Chile's most important climbing destination, known as the Yosemite National Park in South America, with a great number of large granite walls and cliffs.
The summits offer a breathtaking view. Climbers from all over the world discover new routes along the walls, which offer endless possibilities.
Skiing and snowboarding are popular sports, in which one attaches skis or a snowboard to his feet and descends a slope over a snow covered surface.
Skiing is a popular holiday activity with many enthusiasts, sometimes known as'ski-penners', who plan their entire holiday around skiing at a particular location.
The idea of skiing is very old – cave paintings depicting skiers go back to 5000 B.C.
The origins of skiing as a sport go back at least to the 17th century and in 1861 the first ski club in Australia was opened by Norwegians.
Backpacking with a backpack: This activity is also known as ski touring or ski walking.
It resembles alpine skiing or mountaineering, but it does not necessarily entail it, as these activities are carried out in steep terrain and require much stiffer skis and
Look at the ski route as a comparable hiking route.
If you have good conditions, you can cover a greater distance than you would on a hiking trip – only very rarely will you reach the speed of cross-country skiing without a heavy pack.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent countries. Normally you would have to apply for multiple visas and go through multiple passport controls if you wanted to travel through several countries.
The Schengen area works in this respect somewhat like a country.
As long as you remain in this zone, you can usually cross the border without having to go through the passport control again.
In accordance with the Schengen visa regime, you do not have to apply for a visa for each of the Schengen States individually, which saves time, money and bureaucracy.
There is no general definition of what constitutes an antique. Some tax authorities define over 100 years old goods as antiquities.
The definition has geographical variations, where the age limit may be lower in areas such as North America.
Handmade products could be called "antique" even though they are younger than similar products produced in mass production.
The reindeer breeding industry is a major source of livelihood for the Sámi, and the culture around the trade is also of great importance to many who work in other occupations.
As well as in the past, not all Sámi have kept reindeer for the purpose of transport, but have lived off the land, hunting and fishing.
Many Sámi work in modern professions. Tourism is a major source of income in Sápmi, the Sámi region.
In addition, the term ""Gypsy"" is often used by non-Roma as a derogatory term, since it is associated with negative stereotypes and inaccurate perceptions of the Roma.
If you are visiting a country that has issued a travel warning, your travel insurance or travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult the advice of other governments as your own. Their advice is however tailored to the needs of their own citizens.
For example, American citizens in the Middle East may be confronted with other situations than Europeans or Arabs.
Consultations are merely a brief summary of the political situation in a country.
The views presented are often superficial, general and in comparison to the more detailed information that can be found elsewhere, are too simplified.
Flooding is the umbrella term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause damage, social disruption or loss of life.
Floods can occur anywhere in the world and there are various types of floods, which depend on the geography, topography and the atmospheric
Strong winds, hail, heavy rainfall and forest fires are forms and effects of weather phenomena, as well as thunderstorms, tornados
Regional and seasonal weather phenomena are also known as blizzards, snowstorms, ice storms and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to be on the lookout for any type of weather that affects their area, as this could affect all travel plans.
Everyone planning to travel to a country that is considered a war zone should have a professional training for that purpose.
A search for ""course on hostile environments"" will probably lead to the address of a local firm.
A course covers the issues discussed in this discussion in a much more detailed way, usually combined with practical experience.
A course usually lasts between 2 and 5 days and includes role-playing, lots of first aid and sometimes training in weapons.
There are many books and journals on survival in the wilderness, but very few publications on war zones.
Travellers planning to undergo gender-switching operations abroad should ensure that they have valid identity documents for their return journey.
The willingness of governments to issue passports with a non-specified gender (X) or documents that have been updated to reflect the desired name and gender, is different.
The willingness of foreign governments to recognise these documents is also very different.
The searches at security checkpoints have become more intrusive in the aftermath of 11 September 2001.
Transgender people should not expect that their privacy and dignity will be respected when passing through the scanners.
Riss currents are the return current of broken waves, often at reefs or similar.
Because of the underwater topology, the return flow concentrates in a few deeper areas and a fast current can form there.
Most deaths occur when people try to swim against the current, which is impossible.
When you get out of the current, it is not difficult to get back in.
Avoid trying to get somewhere where you will not be caught. Alternatively, if you are noticed, you may wait for rescue.
The shock of return is earlier than the culture shock (the honeymoon phase is not as pronounced), lasts longer and can be more serious.
Travellers who adapted easily to the new culture found it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you come back from an overseas trip, you have adapted to a different culture and have abandoned some of the behaviours of your home culture.
When you first travelled abroad, people probably were patient and understanding because they knew that travellers had to adapt to a new country.
Man may not expect that returning travellers should be patient and understanding.
The sound and light show at the Pyramids is one of the most interesting attractions for children in the area.
You can see the Pyramids in the dark and while it is still quiet before the show starts.
Every time you hear the sounds of tourists and shopkeepers, you can almost hear the story of the sounds and the light.
The Sphinx is used as a background and narrator of a long history.
The scenes are shown on the Pyramids, with the different Pyramids being illuminated.
The Southern Shetland Islands, which were discovered in 1819, are claimed by several countries and have the most stations. 2020, there were sixteen active.
The archipelago lies 120 km north of the peninsula. The largest is King George Island with the settlement Villa Las Estrellas.
More islands are Livingston Island and Deception, where the overflowing caldera of an ever-active volcano offers a spectacular natural harbour.
Elsworthland is the region south of the Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the peninsula rise here and then fall again, forming the 360-km-long chain of Ellsworth mountains, which splits the Minnesota glacier into two.
The northern part or the Sentinel Range has the highest mountains of Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, whose highest peak is the Mount Vinson with 4892 m height.
In remote areas without mobile phone coverage, a satellite phone may be the only option.
A satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, since you must be in clear sight of a satellite to make a call.
The service is often used by ships, including pleasure ships, as well as expeditions which require data and voice links.
Your local telephone service provider should be able to provide you with further information about the connection to this service.
An increasingly popular option for people planning to take a year off is study and course programmes abroad.
This is particularly popular among graduates, because it enables them to take a year off before university without affecting their studies.
In many cases, participation in an exchange programme can actually improve your chances of getting a university education in your home country.
In most cases, a fee is levied for registration to these educational programmes.
Finland is a great destination for boat trips. The "land of a thousand lakes" has also thousands of islands - in the lakes and in the archipelagoes." #
For the archipelagos and lakes you do not necessarily need a boat.
In fact, even though the coastal island groups and the largest lakes are actually big enough for every yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks offer a different experience.
Boating is the national pastime in Finland, with one in six or eight owning a boat.
This is in fact similar to Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but otherwise quite unique (in the Netherlands, for example, the ratio is one to fourty.)
Most purely eastbound cruises include a longer stay in St. Petersburg in Russia.
That means you can visit the historic city for a few days while you stay overnight on the ship.
If you only go on a tour of the countryside, you do not need a separate visa (Stand 2009).
A few cruises offer Berlin as a destination in Germany. You can see that Berlin is far from the sea, and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Travelling by air can be a terrifying experience for people of all ages and from all areas of life, especially if they have never travelled or had a traumatic experience behind them.
It is nothing else than the personal fears and antipathies that many people have.
To learn more about the workings of aircraft and the processes during a flight, it can help some to overcome their fear of the unknown or the feeling of not having control.
Courier companies are paid well for the quick delivery of things. Time is a very important factor in documents, trade goods or spare parts for urgent repairs.
On some routes, the larger companies use their own aircraft, but on other routes and for smaller companies, there were difficulties.
If they sent things via air freight, the loading and customs clearance could take several days on some routes.
The only way to get it through faster was to send it as unaccompanied baggage. The rules of the airline companies do not allow it to be sent without a passenger, and you come in to play.
The obvious way to fly in First or Business class is to pay a hefty sum of money for the privilege (or, better still, to force your own company to pay for it).
But that is not cheap: As a rough guide, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal Economy fare for the Business and the Elffache for the first class!
In general, it is pointless to look for discounts on direct flights from A to B even for business or first class seats.
The airlines are well aware that there is a certain core group of airliners who are prepared to pay a lot of money to be able to get to their destination quickly and comfortably and demand appropriate prices.
The capital of Moldova is Kishinev. The native language is Romanian, but many people speak also Russian.
Moldova is a multiethnic republic, which has suffered from ethnic conflicts.
The 1994 conflict led to the creation of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognised by any UN member state.
While the political negotiations failed, economic relations between these two parts of the Republic of Moldova were restored.
The most important religion in Moldova is the Christian Orthodox.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million, the second largest harbour after Istanbul and a very good transport hub.
The once ancient city of Smyrna is today a modern, progressive and busy business centre, located on a vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass buildings and modern shopping centres are shaped by classic red tiled roofs, the market from the 18th century, as well as old mosques and churches, although the city is more a feeling of the Mediterranean than that of traditional Turkey.
The village of Haldarsvík offers views of the nearby island of Eysturoy and has an unusual octagonal church.
There are some interesting marble sculptures of birds on some graves.
It is worth taking half an hour to stroll through the fascinating village.
In the north and close to the enchanting and fascinating city of Sintra, foreigners have become familiar with its beauty after Lord Byron described it in glowing colours.
The Scotturb bus 403 runs regularly from Cabo da Roca to Sintra.
Visit Fatima as well in the North, the great shrine of Our Lady of Fatima (Pilgrimage site) - a place that is world famous for its Marian apparitions.
Please think that you are actually visiting a mass grave and a place of great importance for a large proportion of the world's population.
There are still many men and women who have survived here, and many more with relatives who were murdered or died of hard labour, Jews and non-Jews alike.
Please treat this place with the respect, reverence and humility it deserves." 
Don't vandalize the site by painting or scratching graffiti.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer Catalan, the majority understands it, and almost everyone can speak Spanish.
Most of the signs are however only in Castilian, as it is legally set as the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public facilities.
Normal announcements are made in the metro only in Catalan, but unforeseen disturbances are reported by an automatic system in a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are said to be arrogant, unfriendly and rude.
Although this is often only a misleading stereotype, one finds oneself in Paris much better if one displays one's best self and behaves like someone who is "bien élevé" (well-bred). This will make it easier to get along.
The rough exterior of Paris disappears quickly if you learn to behave properly.
The Plitwitzer Seen National Park is heavily forested, with mainly coniferous and deciduous trees and it offers a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
He has a remarkably diverse climate, a variety of soils and altitudes, and a number of plant communities.
The region is also home to a very large diversity of animal and bird species.
There are rare fauna like European brown bears, wolves, eagles, owls, lynxes, wild cats and wild ducks, as well as many more common species.
When visiting monasteries, women must wear skirts that reach up to the knees and cover their shoulders.
In most monasteries there are no diapers for women who come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially one in bright colours, the monk or nun will smile at you at the gate.
In analogy to this, men should wear trousers that reach below the knees.
Also, you can borrow these clothes from the racks, but they are not washed after each user, so you might not feel comfortable in these shirts." For men, there is a single size!
The mallorcan cuisine is based, as the cuisine in similar areas of the Mediterranean, on bread, vegetables and meat (in particular pork) and uses always olive oil.
A simple and popular evening meal, especially in the summer, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any available ingredient such as cheese, tuna etc.
All nouns begin with a capital letter for ""you"" in the middle of a sentence.
This is a very important way of distinguishing between some verbs and objects.
It makes reading easier, but writing is a bit of a challenge because one has to determine whether a verb or a noun is used as the main word.
The Italian pronunciation is relatively simple, as most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The most important letters are c and g, since their pronunciation varies depending on the vowel following them.
Also, be sure to pronounce r and rr differently: caro means ""love"" while carro means ""carriage"".
The Persian language has a relatively simple and largely regular grammar.
So reading this introductory grammar will help you to learn a lot about the Persian grammar and to understand better the expressions.
If one speaks a Romance language, it is obviously easier to learn Portuguese.
People who speak Spanish might be quick to conclude that Portuguese is so similar that it is not necessary to learn it.
Premodern astronomical observatories are no longer in operation and are now used as museums or educational centres.
As the light pollution at its peak was not the problem it is today, they are usually found in cities or on university campuses that are easier to reach than those built in recent times.
Modern telescopes are colossal facilities in remote areas with favorable atmospheric conditions.
Hanami, the viewing of cherry blossoms, is a traditional part of Japanese culture.
The concept originates in China, where plum blossoms were the flower of choice.
In Japan, the first Cherry Blossom Festivals were held by the Emperor for himself and other members of the imperial court.
Plants look best in their natural environment, so resist the temptation to remove just one.
If you visit a formally laid out garden and collect samples, you will also be thrown out without discussion.
Singapore is generally a very safe place to live, and once you've arrived you can almost buy anything.
You will have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely) in the extreme tropical regions and only a few degrees north of the equator.
There are also a few buses that go northwards to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives
Make sure that the bus you want to take is going to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kirjat Arba.
Internal waterways can provide a good basis for holiday planning.
For example, visits to castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or a cruise along the Erie Canal or a boat trip along the Thames.
They are also popular cycling and walking routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity and is considered to be the birthday of Jesus.
Many of the traditions associated with Christmas have been adopted by non-Christians in both Christian and non-Christian countries.
There is a tradition to spend the night of Easter in an open place to see the sunrise.
There are obviously Christian-theological explanations for this tradition, but it could also be a pre-Christian spring and fertility ritual.
Traditional churches hold vigils on Saturday evening, during the Easter weekend, when the celebrations of the congregations often begin at midnight, when the resurrection of Christ is celebrated.
All animals that originally came to the islands by swimming, flying or by drowning here.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals were not able to travel, which made the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galapagos Islands.
Before the first humans arrived on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals were introduced, including goats, horses, rats, cats and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will experience the polar night, which means that the sun does not rise over the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, as the sky is usually dark all the time.
The areas are sparsely populated and the light pollution is therefore not a problem, so you can also enjoy the starry sky.
The Japanese work culture is hierarchical and formal than what Westerners might be used to.
Business suits are the standard attire for businessmen and colleagues call each other by their first names or by their occupational titles.
Harmony at work is of paramount importance, with the emphasis being on group performance rather than individual achievements.
Many employees have to obtain the consent of their superiors for all decisions they take, and it is expected of them that they will comply with the orders of their bosses without question.
