We now have mice of 4 months who are not diabetic; they were previously.
Dr Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and president of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warned that research was still in its infancy.
Like other experts, he is sceptical about the possibility of curing Type 1 diabetes, pointing out that these results are not applicable to people who already have Type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, during a radio program on Sveriges Radio, in Sweden, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Literature Committee of the Swedish Academy, announced publicly that the committee had decided to drop the Nobel Literature award for 2016 because it could not reach Bob Dylan directly.
Danius said: "At the moment, we are not doing anything. I have called and sent emails to his closest colleague and have received very friendly responses. At the moment, that is certainly sufficient.
Before, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, noted that he had launched the company when the doorbell of his shop was not audible from his garage.
He designed a Wi-Fi doorbell.
Mr Siminoff said that sales had increased after his appearance in 2013 in a Shark Tank episode where the panel of the show had refused to fund the start-up.
In 2017, Siminoff appeared on QVC.
Ring has also settled a lawsuit with a competing security company, the ADT Corporation.
Even if a vaccine trial appears to be effective at reducing the mortality rate of Ebola, there is no cure yet for the existing infection.
While initial promising results have been seen in the field, formal studies have shown that ZMapp's ability to limit deaths is not meeting expectations.
In the PALM trial, the ZMapp was used as a control, which means that the scientists used it as a reference and compared it to the other three treatments.
The American Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and accepts the absolute necessity of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all our athletes.
We are in agreement with the statement of the USOC that our athletes and clubs, as well as their sport, could be better served by going forward and implementing rather than revoking accreditation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how the abuse described so courageously by survivors of Larry Nassar could have gone unnoticed for so long and adopts any necessary and appropriate change.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal: making gymnastics, as well as other sports, as safe as possible so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and responsible environment.
From the mid 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as a consultant, then for the Johnson administration.
In 1976, he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding Henry Kissinger.
He helped Carter to resolve international issues such as Camp David, in 1978, the normalisation of relations between the US and China at the end of the 1970s, the Iranian revolution and its consequences as the hostage taking in Iran, in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, in 1979.
The film, with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, has received nominations in all the major categories.
Golsling and Stone were nominated for the Best Actor and the Best Actress respectively.
In addition to the nominations for the best film, best director, best cinematography, best costumes, best editing, best music, best sound, best mixing and best original screenplay, there are also nominations for the best film editing, best cinematography, best costume design, best sound editing, best music composition, best sound mixing and best original screenplay.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, have been nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate has received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
Sunday, the President of the United States Donald Trump, through his press secretary, announced that the US troops would be withdrawing from Syria.
The announcement was made after President Trump had had a telephone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would also take in charge the care of ISIS fighters captured by the statement, which the European nations have refused to repatriate.
It confirms not only that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, but provides details that the fossils cannot normally provide, such as colour and three-dimensional arrangement.
The scientists say that this bird's plumage was brown-chestnut on top and pale or carotenoid on the bottom.
This discovery also gives us a better understanding of the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because dinosaur feathers do not have a fully developed root, which is called a spine, but show other features typical of feathers – beaks and barbels – researchers have concluded that the spine was probably an evolutionary development later on.
The plumage suggests that the feathers were not used for flight but rather for temperature regulation or display.
The scientists say it is a juvenile tail, but the sample reveals a feather belonging to an adult, not a young one.
A car bomb exploded at the police headquarters in Gaziantep, Turkey, yesterday morning, killing two police officers and wounding more than twenty others.
The governor's office reported that twenty-nine of the injured were police officers.
The police have stated that they suspect a suspected Daesh (IS) militant as the perpetrator of this attack.
They found that the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars. The activity of all stars in the system is determined by their luminosity, their rotation and nothing else.
The brightness and rotation are used together to determine the number of Rossby number of a star, which is related to the plasma flow.
In terms of magnetic reversals, the smaller the number of Rossby is, the less active the star is.
In his trip, Iwasaki had many problems.
He was stolen by pirates, attacked by a rabid Tibetan dog, escaped a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz frequencies.
This will allow backward compatibility with 802.11a, b and g, subject to the station having two radios.
The Wi-Fi 802.11n standard is significantly faster than its predecessors, with a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, who is married and has two adult children, did not impress Miller, who recounted the story.
When asked to comment, Miller replied: "Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing, so I did not really hear what he was saying.
We will strive to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a significant amount by 2020 compared to 2005 levels.
He did not calculate these reductions, saying that they will be based on Chinese economic production.
Hu encouraged developing countries to "avoid the old method of polluting first and cleaning afterwards.
He added that "on should not, however, ask them to assume responsibilities that exceed their developmental stage, their responsibility and their capabilities.
The Iraq Study Group has presented its report today at 12 noon GMT.
No one can guarantee that any action in Iraq at this stage will end sectarian violence, increase in violence or lead to chaos.
The report opens with an open debate and calls for a consensus in the United States on Middle East policy.
The report is very critical of almost all aspects of the current government's policy towards Iraq and calls for a change of direction immediately.
The first of her 78 recommendations is that a new initiative should be taken before the end of the year to secure Iraq’s borders against hostile interventions and to restore diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy, tonight, in La Plata, a city located 50 kilometres (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Ms Kirchner announced her intention to run for the Argentine Senate in the same theatre where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the Buenos Aires province delegation.
The debate was triggered by the controversy over the costs of relief and reconstruction following Hurricane Katrina; some conservatives in budgetary matters have called it "Bush's New Orleans Accord.
Liberal critics have focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to people perceived as Washington insiders.
More than 4 million people have travelled to Rome to attend the funeral.
Because the number of people present was so large, it was not possible for everyone to attend the funeral on the Place Saint-Pierre.
A number of large screen TVs have been installed at different locations in Rome to allow people to watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and elsewhere, in particular in Poland, similar installations have been completed and have been seen by a large number of people.
History has criticised past FBI policies for concentrating resources on easy cases, in particular car theft, with the intention of increasing the agency's success rate.
The Congress has launched the funding of the initiative against pornography in the year 2005, while specifying that the FBI was planning to allocate ten agents to adult pornography fighting.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score of the match, 70 points in only 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The average batsman, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have performed well and scored a century together.
But after losing the captain's office, India did not complete any races and lost seven seats until the end of the race.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore this morning, beginning a six-day tour of Asia.
He was welcomed by Wong Kan Seng, the Singapore Vice-Premier Minister, and discussed trade and terrorism with Lee Hsien Loong, the Prime Minister of Singapore.
After seven days of electoral defeats at mid-term elections, President Bush has made a proposal to expand trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the 'Air Quality Act' to a multi-party committee for review, before its second reading, after a meeting of 25 minutes with NDP Leader Jack Layton at the CPM.
Layton had asked for changes to the environmental law bill of the conservatives during the meeting with the prime minister, asking for a "complete and thorough reworking" of the conservatives' environmental law bill.
And since then, the federal government has taken the lead in funding the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania. The state government and some parliamentarians have described this act of farce as the federal government approaches the November election.
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that this bill was aimed only at preventing the hospital from being declassed by the Tasmanian government, giving the hospital 45 million dollars more.
According to the latest report, sea levels are rising. A tsunami-like event has been detected near Pago Pago and Niue.
No serious damage or injury has been reported to Tonga, but power was temporarily cut off, which would have prevented the Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami alert issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre.
Twelve schools in Hawaii located on or near the coast were closed all day on Wednesday despite the lifting of alerts.
President Bush welcomed this announcement with satisfaction.
The spokesman for Bush, Gordon Johndroe, said the North Korean promise was "a major step toward the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean peninsula.
The subtropical storm Jerry, 10th storm of the season to bear a name, has appeared today in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says Jerry is not a threat to land.
According to the US Corps of Engineers, a 6 inch rainfall could open a crack in the dams previously damaged.
The ninth district, which was hit by a 20 foot high flood during Hurricane Katrina, is currently under water up to the size because the neighboring dam has been overflowed.
The water overflows the dam in a section of 100 feet wide.
At his speech on Wikinews last month, Adam Cuerden, the director of Commons, expressed his frustration at the deletions that had been made.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The discontent of the community has led to the current efforts to design a policy relating to the sexual content of the site hosting free media.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the programme was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect sought would be caused by the gravitational forces between the black matter of the galaxy and the black matter of the Milky Way.
As the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, the Milky Way exerts a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
Scientists have concluded that the black matter affects the other black matter in the same way as the normal matter.
This theory holds that most of the matter in the universe is in a sort of halo, and is made up of a large number of small particles.
Television reports show white smoke coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn the residents of the surrounding area to stay inside, to turn off their air conditioners and not to drink the tap water.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, radioactive cesium and iodine have been identified at the nuclear power plant.
The authorities assume that this means that the uranium fuel reservoir on the site would have cracks and leaks.
Dr Tony Moll discovered multi-resistant TB (MR-TB) in the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa.
In an interview, he said that the new mutation was "very troubling and alarming" because of the high mortality rate.
Some patients may have contracted the virus at the hospital, according to Dr Moll, and at least two of them were part of the hospital staff.
In a year, an infected person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, the TB-UR rate in the overall TB group seems still low; 6 000 people on a total of 330 000 were infected at some point in South Africa.
The satellites, which weighed each more than 450 kg and moved at about 28,000 km/h, collided at a distance of 790 km above the Earth.
Scientists assert that the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
We are still trying to determine the extent of the accident and how the Earth will be affected.
The Strategic Command of the United States Department of Defense follows the debris.
The results of the analysis of the route will be published on a public website.
A pediatrician working at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, has been charged with murder with aggravating circumstances after his mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, according to the Ohio authorities.
Dr Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the road, in Blue Ash, in the Ohio, a suburb located about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He was wearing a T-shirt and underwear, in an apparently very drugged state.
She directed the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue that was 500 feet away.
They found Saroja Balasubramanian’s body covered in blood-stained blankets.
The police said it appeared that the body was there for a day or so.
The first cases of this seasonal disease were reported in July.
Pork is carriers of the disease, which is then transmitted to humans by mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to take such measures as the deployment of pig collection trucks in affected areas, the distribution of thousands of mosquito nets and the spraying of pesticides.
A number of millions of vaccine vials have also been promised by the government, which will help to prepare the health agencies for next year.
The vaccine delivery plans for historically hard-hit areas this year have been delayed due to lack of funds and low priority given to these diseases compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Sławomir settled in Sweden, where three years later he began working for the Swedish Post, becoming its chief engraver.
He has produced more than 1000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is of such quality and detail that it is one of the few well-known philatelists in the "general public". Some collectors devote their attention only to his works.
His thousandth stamp was the magnificent "Great Deeds by Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is in the Guinness Book of Records.
He has also engraved banknotes for many countries. Among the recent examples of his work, we can mention the portraits of Prime Ministers on the front of new Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
Following the accident, Gibson was taken to hospital, but died immediately after.
The driver of the truck, aged 64, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was taken from the accident site at 12 o'clock GMT the same day.
A garage employee said: "there were children who were looking for a way through the road, and they were crying and wailing.
They all ran back from the place where the accident had happened.
In addition to other topics on the agenda at Bali, there are the preservation of the last remaining forests of the world and sharing of technologies to help developing countries to continue their growth in a less polluting manner.
The United Nations hopes to complete a climate fund to assist countries affected by climate change.
Funds could be used to build more resilient houses, better manage water and diversify crops.
Fluke wrote that some efforts to prevent women from talking about their health have failed.
She arrived at this conclusion thanks to the numerous positive and encouraging comments she received from both women and men on the importance of considering contraception as a necessity.
After the fight was stopped, the injured were taken to the infirmary, and about 40 of the remaining prisoners remained in the court, refusing to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' demands are not clear.
At 22 o'clock and 23 o'clock MDT, prisoners lit a fire in the courtyard.
Soon, riot police entered the courtyard and locked up the detainees with tear gas.
The fire brigade finally put out the fire at 23:35.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that were supposed to dump sediments into the river were stopped.
This sediment was necessary to the creation of sandy beaches and shorelines, which served as nesting habitats for wildlife.
In consequence, two species of fish have disappeared and two others are on the verge of extinction, including the pike-perch.
While the water level will only rise a few metres after the flood, the authorities hope that this will be enough to restore the eroded sand banks in the rear.
No tsunami alert has been issued and, according to the Indonesian Geophysical Agency, no tsunami alert will be issued because the earthquake did not reach the 6.5 magnitude required.
While there is no tsunami risk, residents have been panicking and leaving their homes and businesses.
Despite the tears shed during her farewell, Oprah Winfrey has clearly said to her fans that she would be back.
It is not a farewell. It is a page turning, and a new one opening.
The final results of the Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections show that President Hifikepunye Pohamba was re-elected by a large majority.
The ruling party, the South West African People's Organisation (SWAPO), also won a majority in the legislative elections.
The coalition forces and Afghan forces have moved into the area to secure the site and another coalition aircraft has been sent to assist.
The accident occurred in a mountainous terrain, and it seems that it was caused by a malevolent fire.
The efforts to find the accident site are hampered by bad weather and the accident site itself.
According to the NGO Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization, it is the worst epidemic in the country.
The spokesman for Doctors Without Borders, Richard Veerman, said: "Angola is heading for the worst epidemic ever known and the situation remains very bad in Angola.
The matches started at 10 a.m. with a beautiful day and, apart from the mist of mid-morning that dissipated quickly, it was a perfect day for rugby at 7.
South Africa, at the top of the ranking, started off on a good note by beating Zambia, 5th in the ranking.
South Africa, which seemed to be in a state of disrepair against its southern consœurs, has gradually improved over the tournament.
Their disciplined defence, their excellent passing and their wonderful team spirit enabled them to stand out and it was clear that it was the team to beat.
The Amsterdam mayor and Anne Frank Museum say the tree is infected with a fungus and that it poses a health risk because they say there is a risk of immediate falling.
He was to be shot on Tuesday, but he was saved by an emergency ruling of the court.
All the caves, which were named "The Seven Sisters", have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 meters.
Infrared images reveal, on the basis of day and night temperature variations, that it is probably caves.
They are cooler than the surrounding surface and warmer at night.
« Their behaviour is not as stable as that of the deepest caverns on the planet, but they are very similar in that they are deep holes in the earth », according to Glen Cushing, a member of the USGS (US Geological Survey) and the Arizona University of Northern personnel based in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, the vote is traditionally a low-tech experience: voters are isolated in a booth, stuff a pre-printed paper ballot into an envelope and seal it.
After the agents checked his identity, the voter threw the envelope into the ballot box and signed his ID card.
The French electoral code is quite strict in its rules.
From 1988, ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can see that no envelope is present at the beginning of the vote and that no envelope is added, except those of voters who have been counted and allowed.
Candidats may send representatives to attend each step of the process. At night, votes are counted by volunteers under close international supervision, according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, launched earlier in the world for economic reasons and features, has become a burning issue during the Taipei IT Month of 2007.
But the portable computer market will be profoundly transformed and diversified after that ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the show as a "radio play of the old school with a new and scandalous geek twist!".
Initially, the programme was only broadcast on the venerable TogiNet Radio website, a website dedicated to spoken radio.
In 2015, TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidised station.
The original show was a dubbing amateur show, which originated in the east Texas area.
The widespread plundering continued throughout the night, the police being absent from the streets of Bishkek.
An observer described Kyiv as being in the process of falling into anarchy, while the population was moving in bands in the streets and looting shops of consumer goods.
Many residents of Bishkek have accused demonstrators in the south of being responsible for the chaos.
South Africa beat the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The match was played to a point, 21 - 20, ending the All Blacks' 15-match winning streak.
For the Springboks, it was the end of a series of five defeats.
It was the last game of the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The last match of the championship will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks will face Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook the west of Montana at 22:08 on Monday.
The USGS (United States Geological Survey) and its national center for earthquake information have not received immediate reports on the damage.
The epicentre of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) between the north and north-east of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The H5N1 avian influenza virus that killed humans has been confirmed as having infected a wild duck found dead in a marsh near Lyon in the east of France on Monday.
The French are the seventh country in the EU to be affected by the virus, following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Suspicions of H5N1 cases in Croatia and Denmark are not yet confirmed.
Chambers had pursued God in court for "generalized mass slaughter, destruction and terror inflicted on millions and millions of people on Earth.
Chambers, an angel, says that his case is ‘frivolous’ and that ‘anyone can pursue anyone’.
The opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is the story of an artist "whose life is dictated by his love for drugs and for Japan.
In consequence, artists smoke cannabis joints on stage, and theatre itself encourages the public to join them.
Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, Rick Perry, the governor of Texas, and Michele Bachmann finished respectively at fourth, fifth and sixth place.
After the results were published, Newt Gingrich congratulated Rick Santorum, but he had harsh words for Mitt Romney, on behalf of whom negative advertising had been aired in Iowa against Newt Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate tonight's caucus results, and determine whether there is a way for me to follow in this race." Later, Perry said he would stay in the race and participate in the South Carolina primary on January 21.
Barack Obama, who had won the "silly straw" vote in August, decided to put his campaign on hold.
The photographer was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he died from his injuries.
According to some sources, he would be in his 20s. In a statement, Bieber said: "While I have not been present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers go to the family of the victim.
TMZ reports that the photographer stopped his car on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the stop, before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol to order him to stop, twice.
According to the police, it is unlikely that the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer will be prosecuted.
With only eighteen medals available per day, a number of countries have not been able to climb up the medal podium.
They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's category yesterday, and Finland, with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
Mitchell Gourley came 11th in the standing men's Super-G. The Czech Oldrich Jelinek came 16th in the standing men's Super-G.
Mexican Arly Velasquez finished fifteenth in the men's standing Super G. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing standing Super G.
The blind Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in the thirteenth place of the Super-G. South Korean Jong Seork Park finished in the twenty-fourth place of the Super-G men's standings
The UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010, are accused of spreading the disease which started near the UN camp.
According to the trial, UN camp waste did not properly be treated, causing bacteria to enter the Artibonite River, one of the largest rivers in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops, Haiti had not faced any health problems since the 1800s.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy referred to independent studies that suggest that the Nepalese peacekeeping force in Haiti has deliberately brought disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, UN expert on disease, said that the outbreak probably was caused by UN peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the Howard University Hospital admitted the patient in stable condition.
The patient had travelled to Nigeria, where some Ebola cases had occurred.
The hospital has followed the protocol for infection prevention, including isolation of the patient to avoid possible infection of other patients.
Before the Simpsons, Simon had worked on several series, occupying various positions.
In the 1980s he worked on such shows as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he was a member of the Simpsons' creation team with Brooks and Groening and was responsible for the first Simpsons' writers' staff.
However, despite his departure from the show in 1993, he retained the title of executive producer and continued to receive hundreds of millions of dollars each season in royalties.
The Chinese state media Xinhua reported the news of the hijacking of an aircraft earlier.
Recent reports have revealed that the plane had been subjected to a bomb threat and was directed to Afghanistan to land at Kandahar.
The first reports indicate that the aircraft was diverted to Afghanistan after being refused an emergency landing at Ürümqi.
Aircraft accidents are common in Iran, which has aged out of its fleet of aging and unmaintained aircraft for both civil and military flights.
Because of international sanctions, it is not possible to buy new aircraft.
On the first day of this week, the police helicopter accident killed three people and wounded three others.
Last month Iran suffered its worst air disaster in years when a passenger plane heading to Armenia crashed, killing all 168 people on board.
In the same month, another airline flight made a runway excursion at Mashhad and hit a wall, killing 17 people.
The Aerosmith band has cancelled the last concerts of its tour.
The rock band was to make a tour of the United States and Canada until September 16th.
They cancelled the tour after the singer Steven Tyler fell off the stage during a concert on 5 August.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after the two men kept their service throughout the set.
Despite the net advantage of Del Potro during the second set, it had to be a tie-break once the score had reached 6-6.
Troy was given treatment for his shoulder at this time, but he managed to play the game.
The programme began at 20:30 local time (15 o'clock UTC).
Among the famous singers in the country, a number of bhajans, or devotional songs, were sung at the feet of Shri Shyam.
The singer Sanju Sharma began the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. Lakkha Singh also presented the bhajan of Chhappan Bhog. The singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
Then Lakkha Singh took the initiative to sing bhajans.
108 Bhog dishes were served at Baba Shyam's Bhog.
As for Lakkha Singh, he also presented the bhog bhajan, accompanied by the singer Raju Khandelwal.
On Thursday, during the main presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo President Satoru Iwata revealed the design of the new Nintendo Revolution controller from the company.
Like a television remote control, the control uses two sensors placed near the television of the user to triangulate its position in space.
It will allow players to control the actions and movements in the games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso won the race, but his pit stop ended his domination, probably because of a front wheel bearing that was not properly fixed.
Michael Schumacher finished his race after Alonso, due to the damages suffered on the suspensions throughout the race.
She's very pretty, and she sings very well, too.
I was moved to tears every time we did a rehearsal on this subject, from the bottom of my heart.
In less than three minutes after launch, a camera mounted on the fuel tank showed many pieces of foam insulation being detached.
However, we do not think that they have caused any damage to the spacecraft.
The NASA chief of the space shuttle program, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said that the foam fell "after the time that we are concerned about.
Five minutes after the opening of the exhibition, a wind begins to blow, reaching speeds of 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so strong and so heavy that it hits your skin like a needle, then the hail falls from the sky, people panic, scream and roll over themselves.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way, there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people who just jumped and pushed each other.
The NHK has also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. has not reported any effects of the earthquake and that the number 1 and 2 units of its nuclear power plant at Shika have been shut down.
There are reports that about 9 400 homes in the region are privately watered, and that about 100 are privately electrified.
Some roads were damaged, rail services were suspended in the affected areas, and Noto airport in the prefecture of Ishikawa is still closed.
A bomb exploded outside the Governor General's office.
Three other bombs exploded near the government buildings in the space of two hours.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people have been injured; but the final figures are not yet known.
Cyanuric acid and melamine were detected in the urine samples of domestic animals that died after eating contaminated feed.
The two compounds react with each other to form crystals which can block the kidney function, said researchers at the university.
The investigators found that crystals had formed in the urine of cats due to the presence of these additional substances, melamine and cyanuric acid. 
The composition of these crystals corresponds to what is found in the urine of domestic animals affected when comparing by infrared spectroscopy (IRTF).
I do not know if you realise that a large number of goods coming from Central America are entering our country without paying any taxes.
However, 80% of our goods were taxed by duties in Central America. We are treating you.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Everything I say to people, it's that you treat us as you treat us.
The governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, has promulgated a law which prohibits the sale or rental of violent videogames to minors.
The bill requires violent video games sold in California to be labelled with a sticker bearing the word '18' and makes selling them to a minor a crime punishable by a fine of $1,000 per infraction.
The Public Prosecutions Director, Kier Starmer QC, made a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne resigned and was replaced by the Member of Parliament Ed Davey. Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister for Foreign Affairs to which Davey resigned.
Huhne and Pryce are due to appear before the Westminster Magistrates' Court on February 16th.
The victims are Nicholas Alden, 25 years old, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21 years old. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla was injured to the arm and jaw while Kristoffer Schneider had to undergo reconstructive surgery for his face.
Uka's gun stopped working when it was pointed at the head of a fifth man. Schneider is in agony, can't see, has lost part of his skull, and his face has been rebuilt from titanium.
Schneider testified by video link from a base in the USAF in his country.
On the other hand, Carpanedo has participated in two individual races during the championships.
She first competed in the slalom, where she finished 36th out of 116 competitors.
Her other event, the giant slalom, enabled her to finish tenth in the women sitting group with a combined time of 4:41.30, that is 2:11.60 minutes slower than the Austrian Claudia Loesch, who won, and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the Hungarian Gyöngyi Dani, who finished ninth." #
In the women's ski sitting category, four skiers have not made it to the finish line; in the giant slalom, 45 skiers on a total of 117 skiers in this race have not made it to the finish line.
The police of Madhya Pradesh have recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The assistant inspector general D. K. Arya said: "We have arrested five people for violating the Swiss citizen, and we have recovered her mobile phone and her laptop.
The accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the police commissioner, said that the people accused had their faces covered when they appeared before the court.
While three people were present in the house when the car hit it, no one was injured.
However, the driver was seriously injured to the head.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed to allow rescue teams to extract the driver of the red Audi TT.
He was first admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was then transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been charged with the murder of her son by the Sheriff Court of Edinburgh.
She is in custody awaiting trial and is being investigated, but the eyewitness testimony could be compromised because her picture has been widely circulated.
This is a common practice elsewhere in the UK, but the Scottish courts operate differently and have considered that publishing photographs was potentially damaging.
Professor Pamela Ferguson, from the University of Dundee, notes that "journalists seem to follow a dangerous line if they publish photos, etc. of suspects.
The Crown Prosecution Service, which is responsible for all prosecutions, has stated to journalists that no further comment will be made at least until the prosecution.
According to the leak, the document will deal with the dispute at the border that the Palestinians claim on the basis of the existing borders before the Middle East war of 1967.
The other topics discussed at the summit include the future status of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the question of the Jordan Valley.
Israel insists on a permanent military presence in the valley for a ten-year period from the signing of an agreement, while the Palestinian Authority only agrees to a five-year period.
The shooters of the additional parasite control test were closely monitored by rangers, because the test was controlled and its effectiveness was assessed.
In the context of a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) inc., qualified volunteers have been recruited, in the context of the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting programme.
According to Mick O'Flynn, temporary conservation manager for the NPWS, the four shooters designated for the first autumn culls have been properly trained and instructed in safety procedures.
Martelly has just appointed a new Provisional Electoral Council (CEP) made up of nine members.
It is the fifth PEC of Martelly in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the dissolution of the previous CEP in order to initiate a new electoral process.
This commission was the response of Martelly to the massive protests against the regime that began in October.
The sometimes violent protestations were triggered by the absence of elections, which were supposed to take place in 2011.
About 60 iPods overheating cases have been reported, resulting in six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said that it had received 27 accidents involving these devices.
Last week, the METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which it has described as "non-serious.
The Ministry has reacted by calling it'really regrettable' that the report has been postponed by Apple.
The earthquake struck the Mariannes at 7:19 local time (21:19 GMT Friday).
The Emergency Management Agency of the US Northern Mariana Islands has stated that no damage has been reported in this country.
In addition, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center has said there is no sign of a tsunami.
A former Philippine police officer abducted tourists from Hong Kong in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 at tourists.
Several hostages have been rescued, and at least six of them have been confirmed to have died so far.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released prematurely, as were the Filipino photographers.
The photographers then took over the place of an elderly lady who needed to go to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and became a doctor.
He has undergone training as an obstetrician and has started working at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When he was working at the hospital, Liggins began to investigate premature births during his free time. 
His research has shown that if a hormone was administered, it would accelerate the lung maturation of the baby.
Xinhua reported that the government investigators recovered two flight recorders (black boxes) on Wednesday.
Other fighters also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said: 'Luna was the first extreme. My first manager. Luna is dead at two moons. A unique moment, like her. A strong woman.'
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna" was as strange as me... or even more... I love her and she will be missed... I hope she rests in a better place.
A survey conducted among 1,400 people before the federal elections in 2010 has revealed that the number of opponents to the transformation of Australia into a republic had increased by 8 % since 2008.
The interim Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the federal election campaign that she thought Australia should become a republic at the end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34 % of those polled share this view, and want the Queen Elizabeth II to be the last monarch to rule Australia.
At the extremes of the survey, 29 % of those questioned think Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 % think Australia should never become a republic.
The Olympic gold medallist was required to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints, his physical condition was questioned.
He could not take the necessary medication to overcome his pain, these being banned within the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, has just discovered the largest known prime number.
Many people have checked the discovery using different hardware and software at the beginning of February, and it was announced on Tuesday.
Cosmic comets may have been a source of water for the earth, as well as organic matter that can form proteins and promote life.
The scientists hope to understand how planets form, and particularly how the Earth formed, because comets have collided with it for a long time.
Cuomo, 53, began his term as governor in April and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He has described the rumours as 'political gossip' and 'political nonsense'.
We think he will be presenting himself as President in 2016.
According to the FAA, NextGen is a system that would allow aircraft to fly shorter distances and save millions of gallons of fuel each year, reducing carbon emissions.
It is based on satellite technology, and not on ground-based radar systems used previously, which enables air traffic controllers to locate aircraft more accurately and to provide pilots with more detailed information.
The additional transport is non-existent and surface trains will not stop at Wembley, and parking and relay sites are not available on the ground.
The fear of a lack of transport has led to the possibility that the match could be played behind closed doors, without the fans of the teams.
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science has reported the emergence of a new species of bird in the Galapagos Islands.
A researcher at Princeton University in the United States and at Uppsala University in Sweden have said that the new species had evolved in only two generations, although this process had been estimated much longer, due to reproductive interbreeding between an endemic Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortis, and the finch immigrant with a conical beak, Geospiza conirostris." #
You can shape gold in many ways. It can be rolled into small pieces.
It can be twisted and woven into thin strips,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
It can be made very fine, and glued onto another metal. It can be so fine that it has sometimes been used to decorate hand-painted images in manuscripts called 'enlumined manuscripts'.
That's what we call a chemical product's pH. You can make an indicator by using red cabbage juice.
Le jus de chou changes de couleur according to its acidity or basicity (alkalinity) of the chemical.
The pH level is indicated by the amount of hydrogen ions (H in pH) present in the chemical substance tested.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have been stripped of their electron (because hydrogen atoms are made up of a proton and an electron)." #
Mix the dry powders together, then, with clean hands and moist ones, press them into a ball.
The humidity on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will produce an odd sensation and produce a shell-like effect.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had toilets equipped with a flush, connected to a sophisticated sewage system.
Found remains of sewage systems were found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, in Persia and China. In Roman times, public baths sometimes included toilets where men and women could meet.
When you call someone who is thousands of kilometres away, you use a satellite.
The satellite receives the call in space and then returns it to Earth almost instantly.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts a part of our light and our vision.
A giant rocket is required to put a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in many ways. The greatest benefit it has given us is that it has made transport much simpler and faster.
It has given us the train, the car and many other means of transport.
Below are medium-sized cats that eat medium-sized prey, including rabbits, deer and other cattle.
In addition, there are many small cats (including free-roaming cats) that eat small prey, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret of their success is the concept of niche, a task specially allocated to each cat, preventing it from competing with other cats.
The lions are the most sociable cats, living in large groups called herds.
The herds are composed of one to three adult males, as well as a number of females and cubs.
Women are generally very close to each other, their family being made up of a large number of sisters and daughters.
Lion troops act like packs of wolves or dogs, animals that are surprisingly similar to lions (but not to other large cats) in their behaviour, and also very deadly for their prey.
Balanced athlete, the tiger can climb (but sometimes difficultly), swim, jump great distances and tow with five times the strength of a human powerful.
The tiger is part of the same family (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones capable of roaring.
The roar of the tiger does not resemble the roar of the lion, but rather to a phrase whose words would be cries and groans.
Ocelot lovers are fond of small animals. They catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if they can. Almost all the animals that ocelot chases are much smaller than him.
According to scientists, ocelots hunt and find prey (prey) by smelling their tracks on the ground.
They see very well at night thanks to their night vision, and they move very stealthily. The ocelots hunt their prey by blending into their environment before leaping on them.
When a small group of living beings (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it is derived (for example, if it moves above a mountain range or river, or if it moves to a new island so that it can not easily return to the previous one), it often finds itself in a different environment than it was previously.
This new environment has different resources and competitors, so that the new population will need new characteristics or adaptations to be a powerful competitor against what it had to do before.
The population of origin has not changed at all, it still needs the same adaptations.
Over time, as the new population adapts to its new environment, it begins to look less and less like the other population.
Finally, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will appear so different that they will no longer be considered to belong to the same species.
We call this process "speciation", which simply means the formation of new species. It is an inevitable and very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe, and they absorb carbon dioxide that we exhale (that is, exhale).
Plants produce their food by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We make our houses and our clothes from plants. Most of the food we eat is plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The great shark was the superpredator of the time, he did not fear anything, except other great sharks.
His long jaws were equipped with more than 70 sharp teeth, as well as a series of teeth in the palate, so that anything that crossed his path could not escape.
We are not sure, but it is possible that he had a tongue tied. His diet included turtles, large fish, other mosasaurs, and it is possible that he was cannibal.
He also attacked everything that was in water, even a dinosaur like a T. rex was not big enough against him.
While the Romans ate food that we know, they ate strange or unusual dishes, including deer, pigeons, snails and cockroaches.
Another difference: while the poor and the woman ate their food sitting on chairs, the rich men liked to organise banquets where they rested on the side while they ate.
Roman meals of antiquity could not include these foods from the United States or Asia that have been introduced in Europe for centuries later.
For example, they didn't have corn, tomatoes, potatoes, or cacao, and no Roman ever tasted beef.
The Babylonians built temples for each of their gods, which were regarded as the dwellings of the god.
People sacrificed to the gods and priests tried to meet the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had a courtyard, then a inner sanctum, which only the priests could access.
Some pyramids, the ziggurats, were sometimes built as part of a temple.
The top of the tower was a special place for the god.
In the hot climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
Most of the Jewish family life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the court; shops were open-air counters giving on the street. Houses were built in stones. 
As there were no large forests in Canaan, the wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In Scandinavian sagas, it is said that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder that he found Greenland and named it after it.
But regardless of her discovery, the Eskimos lived there already in the past.
While each country is'scandinavian', there are many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the film Benjamin Gates and the Treasure of the Templars, you may think that a treasure map has been drawn on the back of the Declaration of Independence.
But that is not true. Although there is an inscription on the back of the document, it is not a treasure card.
On the back of the Declaration of Independence, it read: 'Original Declaration of Independence dated 4 July 1776'. The text is on the bottom of the document, facing the wrong way.
While no one really knows who wrote it, it is known that at an early stage of its existence, the great scroll (which measures approximately 29 inches three quarters on 24 inches) was rolled up. 
It is therefore likely that the rating was added simply as an label.
The landing day and the subsequent battles freed the north of France, but the south was still not free.
She was ruled by French Vichy, Frenchmen who made peace with the Germans in 1940 and collaborated with the occupying power instead of facing it.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies landed in southern France, the invasion called Operation "Dragoon.
In just two weeks, the Americans and the Free French had liberated the south of France and were heading for Germany.
A civilisation is a unique culture shared by a significant number of people who live and work in cooperation, a society.
The word 'civilisation' derives from the Latin word 'civis', which means 'citizen' and is related to the Latin words 'civitas', which means 'city' and'state', and also indicates, in some way, the size of the society to which it relates.
Cities-states are the pioneers of nations. A civilisational culture involves the transmission of knowledge over several generations, a durable cultural empreinte and a fair distribution of knowledge.
Minority cultures are often lost without leaving any historically relevant traces and are not recognized as genuine civilizations.
In the revolutionary war, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government under the Articles of Confederation.
The Congress did not have the power to impose taxes and, as there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the authorities of the state, often less cooperative, to enforce all its acts.
He had no power to derogate from tax laws or from customs duties between states.
The articles required unanimous consent of all the Member States before they could be amended and Member States took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team is, with Germany's national team, the second most successful team in the world and they have won the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
In popular sports, football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, equestrian sports, rugby, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One are included.
Skiing is the most popular sport in the northern regions, Italians participating in international and Olympic events.
Japan has more than 7 000 islands (the largest being Honshu), which makes it the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of the group of islands that it comprises, Japan is often referred to, geographically, as an 'archipelago'.
The first information about Taiwan dates back to the 15th century, while European sailors passing through it made mention of it under the name of Formosa, or "beautiful island.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in the south-west of Taiwan, introducing a transformation of traditional practices of rice cultivation and employing Chinese workers to work in its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coasts of Taiwan and declared it a province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after his defeat in the first SinoJapanese war (1894–1895), the Qing government signed the Shimonoseki treaty, by which it ceded Taiwan to Japan, which was then ruling the island until 1945.
The Inca citadel is made up of three main structures, namely the Intihuatana, the sun temple and the three-window room.
Most of the buildings on the borders of the complex have been rebuilt to provide better views of their original appearance.
In 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and this restoration continues to this day.
For example, the most common format of photographic film is 35 mm; it was the most common format of film used in the late analogue era.
It is still made today, but what is important is that its image format is inherited from the digital camera's image sensor format.
The 35 mm format is in fact, and it is quite surprising, 36 mm wide by 24 mm high.
So it is said that the aspect ratio of this format (dividing by 12 to obtain the simplest of integer ratios) is 3:2.
Many common formats (APS family, for example) are equal to this aspect ratio or approach it closely.
The third country rule, which has been so badly mistreated and often ridiculed, is a simple directive that offers a high level of protection.
He points out that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of the vertical and horizontal lines dividing the image (see example).
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, was called into question.
For more than a thousand years, Christianity has bound European states together despite the differences in language and customs.
His omnipresent power touched everyone, from the King to the peasants.
One of the Christian principles is that wealth should be used to relieve suffering and poverty, and that the church's money is there specifically for this reason.
The central authority of the church was in Rome for more than 1000 years and this concentration of power and money has led many people to ask whether this doctrine was respected.
After the outbreak of hostilities, Great Britain set up a naval blockade against Germany.
This strategy has proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade has been in violation of the generally accepted and codified rules of international law by several international agreements of the two last centuries.
The United Kingdom mines international waters to prevent ships from venturing into entire areas of the sea, which is a threat even for neutral ships.
As this tactic did not elicit a timid response, Germany expected a similar response in its submarine warfare without limits.
In the 20th century, most citizens and nations showed a preference for pacifism and isolation.
After seeing the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, nations wished to prevent such a situation from recurring in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States to accept a job at the Edison Company in New York.
He arrived in the United States with four hundred dollars in his name, a poem and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelor (his previous employer) to Thomas Edison.
The ancient Chinese had a unique way of showing different periods of China or each family that was in power was a distinct dynasty.
There were also periods of instability between dynasties. The most famous of these periods is the Three Kingdoms period, which lasted for 60 years between the Han Dynasty and the Jin Dynasty.
In these periods, fierce battles have been fought between many nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms were one of the bloodiest periods in the history of Chinese history. Thousands of people died in battle to sit on the throne of the great palace of Xi'an.
There are many social and political repercussions such as the use of the metric system, the passing of absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the conviction that the country belongs to the people and not to one leader.
As well, after the Revolution, all jobs were open to all male candidates, allowing the most ambitious and the most talented to succeed.
It is the same for the army, because the ranking of armies is no longer based on class, but on calibre.
The French Revolution also inspired many other working-class repressed countries to start their own revolution.
Muhammad was deeply interested in questions that transcended the worldly life. He was fond of visiting a cave that became famous under the name of'Hira' on the mountain of'Noor' (light) for contemplation.
The cave itself, which survived the time, gives a very vivid picture of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations.
Located at the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In reality, it is not easy to find even if we know that it exists. When we entered the cave, we were completely isolated. 
On the top, there is nothing else to look at but the clear sky and the numerous mountains surrounding it. From the inside of the cave, you can only see very little of this universe.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only of the seven wonders that still exists today.
Built by the Egyptians during the third millennium BC, the Great Pyramid is one of many gigantic structures erected in honour of the Pharaohs who died.
The Giza Plateau, or 'Giza Necropolis', in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, contains several pyramids (the largest being the most imposing), several small tombs, numerous temples and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was built to honour the Pharaoh Khéops, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built to honour his wives and children.
The symbol 'push' looks like a V and the symbol 'pull' looks like a staple or a square with a missing bottom.
The high means you must begin by the tip and push the bow, and the low means you must begin by the arrow tip and pull the bow.
A bow produces a more gentle sound, while a bow towards the bottom produces a more powerful and assertive sound.
Don't forget to write your own names on the pencil, but don't forget that the pencil marks are musical, and that you should therefore generally respect them.
On October 6, 1789, King Louis XVI, his wife, Marie-Antoinette, their two young children (Marie-Thérèse, 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, 4 years old), and the sister of the king, Madame Elisabeth, all terrified, were forced to return to Paris from Versailles
In a carriage, they have returned to Paris surrounded by a crowd of people who shout and scream threats against the king and the queen.
The King and Queen were obliged to open the windows of their carriages because of the crowd.
At a certain point, a crowd member brandished the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles before the terrified queen.
The American imperialist expenditures in the Philippines' conquest were paid by the Filipino people themselves.
They were forced to pay colonial American taxes to cover a large part of the expenses and interest of the Philippine government bonds issued by Wall Street banks.
Of course, the superprofits derived from prolonged exploitation of the Filipino people could constitute the fundamental benefits of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, I must first understand the context in which they were created.
These events took place during the period generally considered to be the High Middle Ages – a period of European history from 1000 to 1300.
The Middle Ages Central preceded the High Middle Ages and followed by the Low Middle Ages, which by convention ends at 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, ranging from the technological push or the technological imperative to a strict sense of which the destiny of humanity is determined by a scientifically-based logic underlying laws of nature and their manifestation in technologies.
Many interpretations of technological determinism agree on two general ideas: technological development itself is a process that transcends cultural and political influences, and technology has an impact on societies that are intrinsically conditioned rather than socially conditioned.
For example, we could say that the car is a necessary part of the road development.
However, a national road network is not economically viable for a few cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a car.
Massive ownership of cars also leads to an increased incidence of road accidents, which leads to the invention of new techniques in the field of health care for treating the body injuries.
Romanticism presented a significant element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
Romantic theories of geography have shaped the individual and, over time, customs and a culture associated with this geography have emerged. These, in harmony with the places occupied by society, would be preferable to arbitrarily imposed laws.
In the same way that Paris is known as the capital of the contemporary world of fashion, Constantinople was regarded as the capital of the medieval Europe.
His reputation as the centre of luxury has been around for over 400 years, and will continue to be around for another 1100 years.
His status has declined over the twelfth century, mainly due to the fact that the Crusaders returned with presents such as silk and spices, which the Byzantine markets could not compete with.
At this time, the title of the capital of fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between the eleventh and thirteenth centuries.
At the beginning, the dress was heavily influenced by Byzantine culture, eastwards.
However, due to the slowness of communication means, Western modes could be delayed by 25 to 30 years.
In the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style. One of the greatest developments of the time, following the crusades, was the use of buttons for closing clothing.
Subsistence agriculture is an agricultural practice that is used to produce enough food to meet only the needs of the farmer and his family.
Subsistence farming is a simple, often organic, system using locally-sourced seeds, combined with crop rotation or other simple techniques to maximise yield.
Historically, most farmers practised subsistence farming and it is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures are groups of individuals who feel neglected by the social norms and share the same ideas which allows them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be distinguished by age, ethnic origin, class, location and / or sex of members.
The criteria that determine a subculture as distinct from the mainstream culture can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Subculture members often signal their membership by distinctive and symbolic use of style, which encompasses modes, maniérismes and argot.
One of the most common ways of illustrating the importance of socialisation is to draw on a few unfortunate cases of children who, through neglect, misfortune or deliberate abuse, have not been socialised by adults during their childhood.
Those children are considered to be 'wild' or 'wild'. Some children who were left behind by their parents were due to the parents' rejection of a severe intellectual or physical disability that the child suffered.
Wild children have been subjected to severe abuse or trauma before being abandoned or escaping.
Others would have been raised by animals; some would have lived alone in the wild.
When they are raised entirely by non-human species, wild children display behaviours (in the limits of their physical capacities) almost identical to those of the animals that raised them, such as fear or indifference towards humans.
As learning by project should make learning easier and more interesting, the support goes further.
Support is not a method of learning but rather a means of helping learners who discover a new teaching method such as the use of a new programme or the start of a new project.
Supports can be both virtual and real. In other words, a teacher is a form of support, but the little man on the Microsoft Office trombone is also one.
Virtual scaffolds are integrated into the software and are intended to guide, explain and explain procedures that would have been too difficult to manage for the student alone.
Children are placed in foster care for very different reasons, from neglect to maltreatment, to extortion.
No child should ever have to grow up in an environment that is not stimulating, attentive and educational, but that is the case.
We perceive the family placement system as a safe zone for these children.
Our family daycare system is supposed to provide safe, loving homes, caring teachers, stable education and reliable healthcare.
The placement in a foster family is supposed to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home from which they were previously removed.
The internet combines mass communication and interpersonal communication.
The distinctive characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of approach to usages and gratifications.
For example, 'learning' and'socialisation' are considered to be major factors favouring the use of the Internet (James et al., 1995).
‘Personal involvement’ and ‘continuous relationships’ have also been identified as being new aspects of motivation by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied the public reactions to Internet sites.
Video recording has led to great discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, that is, facial expressions during a few milliseconds.
In addition, the Commission may say whether it still considers that it is possible to detect lies by interpreting correctly micro-expressions.
Oliver Sacks, in his article The President's Speech, has indicated how people with brain damage are able to assess the sincerity of the speech accurately.
He suggests that such capacities for human behaviour interpretation may be found in domestic dogs.
The research of the twentieth century has shown that there are two genetic reservoirs: concealed and expressed.
The mutation adds a new genetic variation, and selection removes it from the reserve of genetic variations expressed.
Segregation and recombination alternate between the two main water basins at each generation.
In the savannah, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system similar to that of humans to meet its nutritional needs from the available plant resources.
In addition, a lack of response has serious consequences: growth disorders, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The most easily accessible plant resources would be the proteins contained in leaves and legumes, but they are difficult to digest for us, unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal-based food (ants, termites, eggs) is easy to digest and provides a large amount of protein containing all essential amino acids.
In all fairness, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors have solved their 'protein problem' in a similar way to chimpanzees in the savanna today.
Sleep interruption is the process of intentional awakening during your sleep period and subsequently falling asleep for a short period of time (10-60 minutes).
It can be done easily by using a relatively quiet alarm clock, so that you can wake up without waking up completely.
If you find yourself resetting your clock during your sleep, it may be placed on the other side of the room, making it impossible for you to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other possibilities based on the biorhythm include drinking a lot of liquids before going to bed (particularly water or tea, reputed to be diuretics), which forces you to wake up to urinate.
The degree of peace within a person opposes to the degree of tension in his or her body and mind.
More the tension is low, the more the vital force present is positive. Each person has the opportunity to find absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can reach enlightenment. The only thing that stands in the way is our own tension and negativity.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but has been enriched by the mahayana path and by many techniques of Indian yoga.
In principle, Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the universal love path.
With Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (illumination energy) is awakened by yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The Tibetan center of meditation is the yoga of the deity. It is through visualization of different deities that the channels of energy are cleansed, the chakras are activated, and the awareness of awakening is created.
Germany was a common enemy during the Second World War, which led to the cooperation between the USSR and the United States. At the end of the war, deep conflicts between their different systems, methods and cultures ended the understanding between these two countries.
Two years after the end of the war, the old allies became enemies and the Cold War began.
It would last for the next 40 years and see real conflicts, through proxy armies, on battlefields in Africa as well as in Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On September 17, 1939, Polish defence was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian head-of-the-pike.
But these plans were obsolete almost overnight, when more than 800 000 Soviet troops arrived and created the Bieloruss-Ukrainian front after invading the eastern regions of Poland, violating the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish non-aggression pact, as well as other international treaties, be they bilateral or multilateral.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is by far the most efficient means of transporting large quantities of people and goods through the oceans.
The work of the armed forces has traditionally been to ensure that your country retains the capacity to move your people and your goods, while interfering with your enemy's capacity to move people and goods.
One of the most recent examples of this situation was the North Atlantic campaign during World War II. The Americans were trying to cross the Atlantic Ocean to help the British.
At the same time, German naval forces were using mainly U-boats to stop this traffic.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have been able to conquer Britain as it has done for the rest of Europe.
It seems that goats were domesticated for the first time about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros mountains in Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribal groups began to keep them close to them so that they could easily access milk, hair, meat and skin.
Domestic sheep were usually kept in flocks that wandered on hills or other pasture areas, often cared for by shepherds who were usually children or adolescents, similar to the more familiar term of shepherds.
The 'wagonways' were built in England from the sixteenth century.
While the railway tracks were simply made of parallel planks of wood, they allowed horses to reach greater speeds and to carry heavier loads than on roads that were slightly more accident-prone during the day.
The cross-ties were introduced early enough to keep the tracks in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks would be more effective if they were equipped with a steel strip on top.
It has become a common practice, but the iron has caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
Finally, wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first iron rails were introduced.
The first means of locomotion was walking: humans began walking upright about two million years ago with the arrival of the Homo Erectus ("right-handed man").
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus, did not walk upright as usual.
There are bipedal specializations in fossils of Australopithecus from 4,2 to 3,9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus could walk on two legs already seven million years ago.
We can start by living in better harmony with the environment, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even campaign in the hope of mitigating the sufferings to come.
In many cases, it is a symptomatic treatment. However, if we do not just want a temporary solution, we have to find the root of the problems and disable them.
It is clear that the world has changed greatly thanks to the scientific and technological achievements of mankind, and that the problems have become more serious because of the overpopulation and the extravagant way of life of mankind.
After its adoption by Congress on July 4, a manuscript signed by the Congress's president John Hancock and Charles Thomson was then sent to a few blocks away, to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
In the night, between 150 and 200 copies were made, known today as "Dunlap Broadsides.
The public reading of the document was made by John Nixon in the Independence Hall on 8 July.
One of them was sent to George Washington on 6 July, who read it to his troops in New York on 9 July. A copy was delivered to London on 10 August.
The 25 sheets Dunlap that are known to exist are the oldest copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not survived.
Many palaeontologists today believe that a group of dinosaurs survived and is still alive. They are called birds.
Many people consider them dinosaurs because they have wings and can fly.
But there are still a lot of birds that look like dinosaurs.
They have scales on their legs and claws, they lay eggs and walk on their two hind legs like T-Rex.
Almost all computers used today are based on the manipulation of information that is encoded in binary form.
A binary number can only have one of two values: 0 or 1. These numbers are called binary numbers, or bits for using the computer jargon.
An internal poisoning can not be seen immediately. The symptoms, such as vomiting, are sufficiently general to allow a diagnosis to be made immediately.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning is probably the presence of a container of toxic household chemicals or medicines.
Look at the label to find out the specific first aid instructions for this poison.
The term 'insect' is used by entomologists in a formal sense to refer to this group of insects.
This term derives from an old familiarity with bed bugs, which are very adapted to parasitizing humans.
The flies, like bed bugs, are nidicolous, that is, adapted to live in the nest or habitat of their host.
In the United States, there are about 400 000 known cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making it the most common neurological disease among young and middle-aged adults.
MS is a central nervous system disease that affects the brain, spinal cord and optic nerve.
A recent study has shown that women are twice as likely to have MS as men.
A couple can very well feel that it is not in their interest, nor in the child's interest, to look after the child's education.
These couples can choose to adopt their baby.
In a child adoption, the biological parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple can raise the child.
The main objective of science is to understand how the world works by means of scientific methodology. This method guides in fact most scientific research.
However, it is not the only, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that serves to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, pose questions and make observations, but which also orients scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers have focused on ancient texts, and in particular on the Latin Bible.
Aristotle's opinions on all scientific questions, including psychology, were accepted.
With the decline of Greek knowledge, Western civilisation has been cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots.
Many of the observed physiological and behavioural rhythms are often dependent on the presence of endogenous circadian rhythms and their production by circadian clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which are not simply responses to external stimuli, have been found for most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Organic clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to operate for a certain period even without external stimulation.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the main indications that DNA was a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacteria.
They have carried out two experiments to mark either the phage DNA with a radioactive phosphorus, or the phage protein with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have many different effects depending on the type of mutation, the extent of the mutated material, and whether the mutated cells are germ cells.
Only germline mutations can be passed on to children, while other mutations can lead to cancer or death of cells.
Ecotourism is aimed at people who want to visit natural areas in order to enjoy the landscape, in particular the fauna and flora.
Hunting, fishing, bird watching, photography, bird watching, park visits and studying the information on the ecosystem are examples of activities on the island.
You can go and see, photograph and discover the orang-utans of Borneo.
Every morning, people leave the small towns in the countryside by car to get to their place of work and cross other people who are going to work in the country they just left.
In this dynamic, dynamic bus service, each is in some way connected to a private car-based transport system and supports it.
Science now shows that this massively carbon-based economy has pushed the biosphere out of its stable state which has supported human evolution for two million years.
Everyone is part of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone is complaining about transport systems.
In developed countries, it is rare to hear so many complaints about the quality of water or the collapse of bridges.
Why do transport systems generate such complaints, why do they break down every day? Transport engineers are simply incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental going on?
Traffic flows are the study of the movements of drivers and private vehicles between two points, and the interactions they exercise between themselves.
It is, unfortunately, difficult to study the traffic flow because the behaviour of drivers cannot be predicted with 100 % certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to act in a reasonable range; so, traffic flows tend to have a reasonable range and can be represented mathematically approximatively.
To better represent the flow of traffic, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) the flow, (2) the density and (3) the speed.
These relationships help to plan, design, and operate the road infrastructure.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly made it easier for them to escape from their enemies and to find more effectively food and companions.
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings along their bodies.
It gives them a greater number of small hideouts from predators.
Today, the only insects that cannot fold their wings are dragonflies and the ephemerals.
There are some thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the solar system moved around the sun.
Some people thought he was right, but many believed the opposite: that the solar system moved around the earth, including the sun (and even the other stars).
It seems sensible, because the Earth does not seem to be moving, is it not?
The Amazon River is the second longest and the largest river on Earth. It carries more than eight times the volume of water of the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the world's largest river, reaching up to 10 km wide.
Les rivières de la planète, which dump 20 % of the world's rivers into the oceans, originate from the Amazon.
The main branch of the Amazon River is 6 387 km (3 980 miles) long. It collects water from thousands of small rivers.
While the construction of pyramids continued up to the end of the Old Kingdom, the Great Pyramid of Giza has never been surpassed in size and the technical excellence of its construction.
Ancien Egyptians of the New Kingdom were amazed by the monuments of their predecessors, who had then been in existence for more than a thousand years.
Vatican City has about 800 inhabitants. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and the least populated.
The Vatican City is writing its legislation and official communications in Italian.
The Italian is also the language of everyday use by most of the people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
The citizens of the Vatican City are all Catholics.
From antiquity, people have been familiar with the basic elements of the chemical world, such as gold, silver and copper, because they are found in nature as raw materials and are relatively simple to mine using primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, has theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
It was rather the four states of matter (in the same order) : solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also made the claim that these latter substances were transformed into new substances by which we see.
Aluminium alloys are essentially a mixture of two or more metals. Remember that the periodic table contains many elements.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered as metals. Of course, there are also metals such as silver and gold.
There are also alloys which contain a small amount of non-metal elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so small that billions of them could enter the period at the end of this sentence.
So, a pencil was a good friend to many people when it was released.
Unfortunately, the emergence of new modes of writing has marginalized the pen to a more private and less frequent use.
People now write their messages on computer screens, without ever having to get near a pencil.
It is only a question of time before the next new thing arrives.
Nuclear fission works on the principle that it assembles a nucleus of a myriad of protons and neutrons.
Like if you were to make a hill climb by dragging a heavy cart up a hill.
Some atoms have a volatile nucleus, so that they tend to break up with little or no pressure.
The surface of the moon is made up of rocks and dust. Its outer layer is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km on the visible side and 100 km on the hidden side.
It is finer at sea level and thicker under the continents.
There may be more lava on the side close to the cliff because the crust is thinner. It was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories are focused on the search for what makes people feel good or attracted.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that have been internalized as they matured into adulthood.
These theories examine what prompts some people to want what they do and what, in their environment, prompts them to do or not do what they do.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs theory and the two-factor theory of Herzberg.
Generally, two behaviours can emerge when a manager becomes the boss of former colleagues. From the extremes of the spectrum being to try to stay "the good friend" (or "the good friend").
A manager of this type is not able to take controversial decisions, carry out disciplinary actions, carry out evaluations, give responsibility, and hold others accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, one becomes an individual who feels that he/she must change everything that the group has created up to now and do things his/her own way.
After all, the boss is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behaviour often leads to disagreements between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are subject to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members often function as a point of contact for their immediate physical team.
They often have more autonomy than traditional team members because their teams can meet at different time zones, which may not be understood by their local management.
The presence of a real "invisible" team (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also an unique element of a virtual team.
The 'invisible' team is the team of management which each member reports to. It sets standards for each of them.
Why would an organisation want to create a structure for learning? One of the objectives of learning organisational concepts is innovation.
When all the available resources are effectively used in functional services of an organisation, creativity and ingenuity can be expressed fully.
Thus, a process of working together to overcome a barrier can lead to a new process of innovation to meet the customer's need.
Before an organisation becomes innovative, its leadership must create a culture of innovation, shared knowledge and its own innovation culture.
Angel (2006) presents the Continuum approach as a method used to help organisations achieve better results.
Neurobiological data provide material evidence for a theoretical approach to the study of cognitive abilities. They allow us to reduce the research field and make it much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
It has been known for a long time that different types of damage, lesions, tumours and brain trauma affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
The rapid development of new technologies has enabled us to see and study brain structures and processes that have never been seen before.
This gives us a lot of information and material to build models of simulation which help us to understand the processes in our minds.
Although artificial intelligence is often strongly connoted with science fiction, it represents a very important part of computer science that studies the behaviour, learning and adapting intelligently of a machine.
Artificial intelligence research is concerned with the automating of tasks requiring an intelligent approach.
These examples include control, planning and programming, the ability to respond to diagnostics and customer questions, as well as recognition of writing, voice and face.
These practices have led to distinctive disciplines, focused on bringing about solutions to everyday problems.
The IAS system is now increasingly being used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and military, as it was put into practice in many home computer software and video games.
Excursions are integral to any school. Often, a teacher would like to take his pupils to places where a bus journey is not possible.
The solution is provided by the technology in the form of virtual educational excursions. Pupils can watch the ancient objects of a museum, visit an aquarium, or admire a beautiful work of art while sitting in their class.
Participating practically to a trip is also a good way to think about a trip and to share your experiences with future generations.
For example, students from the Bennet School in North Carolina design each year a website dedicated to their visit to the capital of the state. Each year, the website is updated, but the old versions are kept online for use as an album.
Blogs can also help students improve their writing skills. Even if students often try blogging with poor grammar and spelling, having a public audience makes the situation more likely to improve.
As students are often the most critical audience, the author of the blog is trying to improve his writing to avoid criticism.
Moreover, blogging "forces students to be more intelligent and interesting" (Toto, 2004).
Blogs are an effective tool that stimulates collaboration and encourages students to extend their learning well beyond the traditional school day.
When used well, blogs can enable students to strengthen their analytical and critical thinking skills: by reacting actively to online content, they can confront their own opinion with that of others and present their own views on specific topics.
Ottawa is the charming capital bilingual of Canada and has a large number of art galleries and museums that highlight the past and present of Canada.
You will find more south the falls of Niagara and further north, the region of Muskoka and its environs which have a virgin natural beauty.
All these measures, and many more, make Ontario what foreigners regard as the quintessence of Canada.
A large part of the northern regions are sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited at the wild state.
For a comparison of the population that surprises more than one: There are more African Americans living in the United States than Canadian citizens.
The islands of the East African coast lie in the Indian Ocean, close to the African coast.
Madagascar is by far the largest country, and even a continent by itself, in terms of wildlife.
Most of the small islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and are known for being luxury beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to the land and this religion has spread widely to the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route linking Europe to India.
North, the region is defined by the Sahel, and south and east by the Atlantic Ocean.
To women: It is recommended that all women who travel say that they are married, irrespective of their marital status.
It is also advised to wear a necklace (which should not seem too precious.)
Women must realise that some cultural differences may lead to behaviours that they consider as harassment. It is common that they are followed, caught by the arm, etc.
Be firm in your refusal of advances, and be not afraid to stand your ground (cultural or not, it does not mean that it is acceptable!)
Modern Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the tenth century BC, and was used by the Phoenicians, the Romans and the Merovingians as a strategic port called Anfa.
The Portuguese, who after having destroyed it, had rebuilt it and named it Casa Branca, finally abandoned it in 1755 after a quake.
The Moroccan Sultan rebuilt the city under the name of Daru l-Badya, and it was renamed Casablanca by the Spanish merchants who established trading posts there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places in all of Morocco for shopping.
Around the old medina, you can easily find places where you can buy traditional Moroccan products, such as tajines, pottery, leather goods, and all kinds of jewellery, but it's all for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town located at the extreme east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the city, especially the city centre.
Goma is reasonably safe, but all visits to the outside of Goma should be subject to checks to understand the state of the fighting that continues in North Kivu province.
The city is also the starting point for the ascent of Nyiragongo volcano as well as for the tracking of mountain gorillas among the least expensive in Africa.
You can use boda-boda (motor taxi) to get around in Goma. The normal fare (local) is about 500 CFA francs for a short trip.
Combined with its relative remoteness, "Tombouctou" has become a metaphor for remote and exotic countries.
Today, Tombouctou is a poor city, although its reputation as a tourist attraction has made it a popular destination, and it has a small airport.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List in danger because of the threat of desert sands.
It was one of the major steps in the production of "Wonders of the African World" by Henry Louis Gates on PBS.
The city is in stark contrast to the rest of the country, because it has a more Arab style than African.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the southern border is the Crocodile River." #
The total area of the park is 19 500 km2, divided into 14 ecozones, each of which contains a specific fauna.
This is one of the most famous South African National Parks and regarded as the jewel in the crown of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As for all South African national parks, there are daily entry fees and conservation rights for the park.
It may be advantageous to obtain a Wild Card that enables you to visit some South African national parks, as well as all South African national parks.
Hong Kong Island is the namesake of the territory of Hong Kong and represents the main attraction for many tourists.
The row of skyscrapers that forms the horizon of Hong Kong was compared to a shimmering bar chart, which is revealed by reflection in the harbour of Victoria.
To admire the most beautiful panoramas of Hong Kong, leave the island and head to Kowloon's seafront located opposite.
The vast majority of the urban development of Hong Kong is concentrated on the northern side of the harbour.
That is the place that the British colonists have invested. Thus, that seems to be a good starting point, if you are looking for evidence of the colonial past of this region.
The Sundarbans are the world's largest mangrove forest belt, extending for 80 km (50 miles) from the coast to the back-country of Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans have been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The forest area in India is called the Sundarbans National Park.
Forests are, however, not only made up of mangrove swamps: they also contain some of the last vestiges of the majestic jungles that covered the Ganges plain once.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3 850 square kilometres, of which about one third is covered by water/wetlands.
Sundarbans is a nature reserve since 1966, you will find about 400 Bengal tigers and 30 000 spotted deer there.
Buses leave the district bus station (on the other side of the river) all day long, but most, especially those that go to the east and Jakar/Bumthang, leave between 6 and 7 a.m.
Inter-district buses are often full, so it is advisable to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are served by small Japanese ships, which are comfortable and robust.
The shared taxis are a fast and comfortable way to get to places nearby, such as Paro (150 Nu) and Punakha (200 Nu).
The Oyapock Bridge is a suspension bridge. It crosses the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint George in Guyana.
The two towers stand at a height of 83 m; it is 378 m long and has two 3,50 m wide lanes.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 metres. The structure was completed in August 2011, but it was opened to traffic only in March 2017.
The bridge will be fully operational by September 2017, when the Brazilian customs posts will be completed.
The Guaraní were the most important indigenous group living in what is now the eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters and also practising subsistence agriculture.
Other indigenous tribes that populated the Chaco, such as the Guaycurú or the Payaguá, survived mainly by fishing, hunting or gathering.
In the 16th century, Paraguay was dubbed 'the giant province of the Indies', as it was born out of the encounter between the Spanish conquistadors and the indigenous peoples.
The Spaniards inaugurated the period of colonization, which lasted three centuries.
From the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to retain a large part of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is well known for having one of the best teams and among the best players in polo in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at Las Cañitas polo fields.
In addition, tournaments and matches of lesser scale are sometimes organised here at other times of the year.
For information on tournaments and places to buy tickets for polo matches, see the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of the Isle of Man is the Manx pound (FKP) which is equivalent to a pound sterling (GBP).
Money can be exchanged at the only bank in Stanley, opposite the FIC West store.
The pound is a widely accepted currency in the islands, while in Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are also often accepted.
On the nearby islands, credit cards will probably not be accepted, even if it is possible that the British and American currencies will be accepted. Discuss this with the owners in advance so that you can agree on a payment method.
It is almost impossible to exchange money from the Maldives outside the islands, so change it before you leave the islands.
Montevideo being located in the south of the equator, winter in the northern hemisphere corresponds to summer there and vice-versa.
Montevideo is located in a subtropical zone and summer temperatures exceeding 30 °C are common.
The winter can be deceitfully cold: temperatures rarely fall below zero, but wind and humidity combine to give the impression that it is colder than what the thermometer says.
There are no ‘rainy’ and ‘dry’ seasons: rainfall is pretty constant throughout the year.
Although many of the animals in the park are accustomed to seeing humans, they are still wild animals; please do not feed them or disturb them.
According to the authorities of the park, you have to be at least 100 metres away from wolves and bears and at least 25 metres away from all other wild animals!
As docile as they may appear, the bison, the elk, the moose, the wolf and almost all the great animals can attack.
Every year, dozens of visitors are injured because they did not keep a sufficient distance. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so give them some space.
In addition, know that smells attract wild animals, so avoid carrying or cooking odiferous foods and keep the camp clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and is the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The port was the site of a tragic naval standoff in 1889 when seven German, American and British ships refused to leave the port.
All the ships were sunk, except for a British cruiser. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
The Supreme Head of the Mau Movement Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III was assassinated during a peaceful gathering that was taking place in the city, during the independence struggle organized by the Mau movement.
The beaches are numerous, because Auckland is on the eastern side of two ports. The most popular ones are found in three zones.
The North Shore beaches are on the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Bay north to Devonport south.
Most of the beaches are sandy and allow safe swimming, and most are shaded by the Pohutukawa.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the chic Mission Bay and Saint Heliers in the centre of Auckland.
The beaches, often very busy by families, have many shops along the coast. Swimming is safe there.
The main local beer is 'Number One', a rather ordinary beer, but tasty and refreshing. There is also another local beer, 'Manta'.
There are many French wines to taste, but New Zealand and Australia wines may travel better.
You can drink tap water without any danger, but you can easily find bottled water if you have any concerns about it.
For Australians, the idea of a ‘coffee cream’ is foreign. A black coffee is an ‘espresso’, a cappuccino is filled with cream (not mousse) and tea is served without milk.
Hot chocolate is Belgian standard compliant. Fruit juices are expensive but excellent.
Many trips to the reef are made throughout the year, and injuries due to one of these causes on the reef are rare.
However, follow the advice of the authorities, obey all signs and pay particular attention to safety warnings.
From October to April, north of 1770, the box jellyfish arrive near beaches and estuaries of rivers. They can also sometimes be seen outside of this period.
Sharks exist, but they rarely attack humans. Most of them are afraid of humans and would run away.
Salmon crocodiles do not live actively in the ocean, their main habitat is in estuarine rivers in north Queensland.
Booking in advance gives the traveller the peace of mind that he will have somewhere to sleep once he arrives at his destination.
Travel agencies often have agreements with specific hotels, but you can also book accommodation through travel agencies of other types of accommodation, such as camping sites.
Travel agencies typically offer packages including breakfast, airport transfers or even packages combining flights and accommodation.
They can also hold your reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or to procure other documents necessary for your destination (for example, a visa).
Any change or request should, however, be addressed to the travel agency first and not directly to the hotel.
At some music festivals, most participants decide to camp on site, and most consider that this is an integral part of the experience.
If you want to be a part of the musical event, you will have to arrive early to find a good camping site.
Don't forget that even if the music concerts are over on the main stages, other music concerts can continue until late at night on other sites of the festival.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you cross the north of the Baltic Sea in winter, be sure to check the location of the hut, because the crossing of the ice can cause unbearable noise at the most exposed huts.
Cruises to St. Petersburg include time spent in the city. Passengers on cruises are exempt from visa requirements (see conditions).
Casinos generally make a lot of effort to maximise the time and money spent by their customers. There are rarely windows and clocks, and exits can be difficult to find.
They usually offer special offers of food, drinks and entertainment to keep the guests happy and to keep them there.
On some sites, it is the premises that offer free alcoholic beverages. However, drunkenness impairs judgment, and all good players should know that it is crucial to remain sober.
Anyone who travels to high latitudes or crosses mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice or cold temperatures.
On icy roads and snowy conditions, friction is low and you can't drive like you are on the asphalt.
While the blizzards are raging, it can fall in a very short space of time quite a lot of snow to block you.
The visibility can also be limited by snowfall or snowdrifts or by condensation or frost on the windows of vehicles.
On the other hand, ice and snow are normal in many countries, and the traffic is practically uninterrupted all year round.
Safaris are perhaps the most popular tourist attraction in Africa and the most memorable moment for many visitors.
In everyday language,'safari' refers to an African excursion, and in particular to the savannah, where the spectacle of wild animals in their natural environment is spectacular.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach close to cars and standard equipment allows them to be observed.
Lion, leopard and lion-tailed cats are sometimes timid and you will see them better with binoculars.
A walking safari (also known as 'walking in the bush', 'walking safari' or 'footing') consists of walking, either for a few hours, or for several days.
The Paralympic Games will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will take place in other locations throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to have hosted two Summer Olympic Games, after hosting the Games in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the announcement of the postponement, you may find yourself in a difficult position.
The policies of cancellation vary, but from mid-March, most cancellation policies based on the coronavirus do not extend to July 2020, the date on which the Olympic Games had been planned.
It is expected that most events tickets will cost between 2 500 and 13 000 yens, typical tickets costing around 7 000 yens.
By ironing wet clothes, you can make them dry more quickly. Many hotels have irons and ironing boards that can be borrowed, even if there aren't in the rooms. 
If you do not have a iron or do not want to wear ironed socks, you can try to use a hairdryer, if you find one.
Avoid leaving the fabric to overheat (which can cause shrinkage or in extreme cases, burn it).
There are various methods of water purification, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some areas, it is enough to boil water for a minute; in others, it is necessary to boil it for several minutes.
The effectiveness of filters varies, and if you have a problem, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter pest animals they do not know in their home region.
Parasites can contaminate food, cause irritations or, in the most serious cases, cause allergic reactions, spread venom or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can cause injury or death to people by force, are not usually considered to be parasites.
In some areas, duty free shops present an opportunity to buy goods exempt from taxes and excise duties.
Travellers to countries where the VRT is high can sometimes save a great deal of money, in particular on alcoholic beverages or tobacco.
The most difficult section of the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway is the section between Point Marion and Fairmont, passing through isolated backcountry areas.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, keep your mind open: steep gradients, narrow roads and tight curves predominate.
Speed limits are lower than in previous sections – usually between 35 and 40 mph (56-64 km/h) – and stricter enforcement is still more important than before.
On the other hand, mobile phone service is surprisingly much stronger here than on many other parts of the road, for example the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German cakes are rather good, and in Bavaria, they are very rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cakes are a common feature of the season: apples are baked and baked in cakes all year round, while pears and plums are in season in summer.
German bakery products also contain almonds, walnuts and other nuts. Popular cakes often go well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small but tasty Berliners, try the Berliners, also called Pfannkuchen or Krapfen, depending on the regions.
A curry is a dish made from herbs and spices, accompanied by meat or vegetables.
A curry dish can be'solid' or 'liquid', depending on the amount of sauce it contains.
In the interior regions of northern India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries, while in the south of India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
Indonesia having 17 000 islands, Indonesian cuisine is a generic term that covers a wide variety of regional cuisines present in all of the country.
However, when this term is used without any other qualification, it tends to designate the food from the central and eastern parts of the island of Java.
Now, widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine offers a range of simple dishes, the predominant flavours being the cashews, the peppers, the sugar (especially the coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
The stirrups are the feet of the rider, which hang from each side of the saddle.
They offer greater stability to the user, but they can pose a security problem: for example, the user's feet may be trapped there.
If a rider is thrown from a horse, but has a foot caught in the stirrup, he could be dragged if the horse escapes. To minimise this risk, a number of measures of safety can be taken.
Firstly, most riders wear riding boots with a flat sole and a narrow heel.
In addition, some saddles, in particular English saddles, have safety bars which allow a rider to fall off the saddle if it is pulled forward by a rider who falls.
Valley of Cochamó – The Chilean climbing destination of excellence, known as the Yosemite of South America, with many different granite peaks and cliffs.
From the top of the mountains, the panoramas are unobstructed. The alpinists of the world over are discovering new routes practicable on the slopes, where the possibilities are limitless. 
Skiing and snowboarding are popular sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope with skis or snowboards attached to your feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity that has many enthusiasts, sometimes called "ski bums", who organize their entire holidays around skiing in specific places.
The idea of skiing is very ancient: some prehistoric paintings show skiers dating for some of 5 000 years ago!
Skiing as a sport dates back at least to the 16th century; the first ski club in a recreational sense was founded in 1861 in Australia by Norwegians.
Skiing: this activity is also known as Nordic skiing, cross-country skiing or hiking.
It resembles alpine skiing, as well as alpine climbing, but does not include these activities, which are practiced on rocky terrains and require the use of much stiffer skis and boots.
Think of skiing as a hiking route in the same way.
In good conditions, you can walk a little further than on foot – but you will rarely reach the speeds of skiing without a heavy pack on icy tracks.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but containing many independent countries. In normal circumstances, travelling through several countries involves the need to apply for several visas and to undergo several passport checks.
Schengen, however, works a little like one country in this regard.
As long as you remain within this area, you can usually cross the border without having to go through passport control points.
In addition, having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply separately for each member state of the Schengen area, which allows you to save time, money and administrative formalities.
There is no universal definition of what constitutes an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as antiquities.
The criteria vary according to the place where one is located ; in some parts of the world, as in North America, the minimum age may be lower than that in place in Europe.
Artisanal products can be considered as antiquities even if they are less ancient than similar industrial products.
Reindeer husbandry is a very important means of subsistence for Samis and the culture surrounding this trade is of great importance to many other professions.
Although, according to tradition, all Samis did not participate in the large-scale reindeer farming, they lived mainly from fishing, hunting and other similar activities, and used reindeer mainly as livestock.
Today, many Samis practice modern jobs. Tourism is a major source of income in Lapland, the Sami region.
While widely used, especially among non-Roma, the term 'Gitan' is often considered to be pejorative because of its association with negative stereotypes and a distorted image of the Roma people.
If your country is subject to a travel warning issued by your government, your overseas health insurance or travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult other governments, but their advice is tailored to their citizens.
As an example, the American citizens in the Middle East could be confronted to different situations than those of Europeans or Arabs.
The opinions are only a snapshot of the political situation of a country.
The opinions presented are often superficial, general and too simplified compared to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
The violent weather is the generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon which may cause damage, social disruption or loss of life.
Very adverse weather conditions can occur anywhere in the world, and they can be of several kinds, depending on geographical features, topographical features and atmospheric conditions.
Violent winds, hail, excessive precipitation and fires are forms and effects of violent weather, just as tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones.
Extreme weather phenomena, regional and seasonal, include blizzards, snowstorms with violent winds, and sandstorms or dust storms.
It is strongly recommended that travellers check the weather forecast for their destination region, knowing that it may have an impact on their route plans.
Anyone considering travelling to a country that could be regarded as a war zone should receive vocational training.
A search on the Internet for "Cours in hostile environment" will probably provide the address of a local company.
A course will cover the issues raised here in much more detail, usually with a practical experience.
A training usually lasts for two to five days and includes role playing, first aid, and sometimes training in the use of weapons.
Wildlife books and magazines are common, but war-related publications are rare.
Travellers planning to undergo a gender reassignment operation abroad should ensure that they have in their possession valid documents for their return journey.
The governments' desire to issue passports with the gender of the applicant (X) or to update documents to match the desired name and sex varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents varies as well.
Security checkpoint searches have become much more intrusive in the era of the after-11 September 2001.
Transsexual people in the pre-op phase should not be expected to undergo scanners in order to preserve their privacy and dignity.
Storm surges are the surges that return from breaking waves, often on a reef or equivalent.
Because of the underwater topography, the return flow is concentrated on a few deeper sections, and a fast current can form in the deep waters.
In most cases, deaths are due to exhaustion resulting from trying to swim against the current, which can be impossible.
When you leave the current, swimming back is not more difficult than usual.
Aim for a place where you won't be caught again. It is also possible that, depending on your skills and whether you have been spotted or not, you may want to wait for help.
The adjustment shock occurs earlier than the cultural shock (the honeymoon phase is shorter), lasts longer and is more severe.
Travellers who have had difficulty adjusting to the new culture have sometimes a lot of difficulty adjusting to their home culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have already adapted to the new culture and have lost some of your native culture's habits.
At first, when you went abroad, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country must adapt.
People may not be aware that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers and travellers returning home.
The light and sound show at the Pyramid is one of the most interesting attractions in the region for children.
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
Often, you hear the sound of tourists and vendors. The history of sound and light is like a history book.
The Sphinx is placed as the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit.
The Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the largest number of research stations and six of them are active in 2020.
The archipelago is 120 km north of the Peninsula. The island of King George, with the village of Villa Las Estrellas, is the largest.
Another example is Livingston Island and the disappointment, where the still active caldera of a volcano offers a spectacular natural harbour.
Ellsworth Land is the southern part of the peninsula, defined by Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the peninsula merge into the plateau, then reappear to form the Ellsworth Range, 360 kilometres long and traversed by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern chain, or Sentinel Range, contains the highest mountains in Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, which stands at 4892 m.
In remote areas without cellular network, you may not have any other choice but to use satellite telephony.
A satellite phone does not replace a mobile phone, because you need to be outside and have a clear view of the satellite to make a call.
It is a common service used by navigation, including recreational craft, as well as by expeditions that require data transmission and telephony.
Your local telephone operator should be able to tell you more about this service.
Sabbatical leavers have the opportunity to learn while travelling, and more and more of them are choosing this option.
This formula is particularly popular with young people who drop out of school, because it allows them to take a year off before university, without compromising their studies.
Often, having taken a year off to study abroad can actually give you better chances of going on to study at university in your country.
Generally, you have to pay tuition fees to take these educational programmes.
Finland is a popular destination for recreational boating. The "Land of the thousand lakes" also has thousands of islands, in lakes and in coastal archipelagos.
You do not necessarily need a yacht in the archipelago and on the lake.
While the coastal islands and the larger lakes are actually quite large for a boat, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
Boating is a national pastime in Finland, with one boat for seven or eight people.
Norway, Sweden and New Zealand are in the same situation, but apart from that, it is a unique case (in the Netherlands, for example, the number is one to forty).
Most Baltic cruises are characterized by a prolonged stay in St Petersburg, in Russia.
It means that you can visit the historic city for several days in the entirety and then return to sleep on the boat at night.
If you do not go to the ground with cruise ships, you will not need a separate visa (from 2009).
Berlin, in Germany, is mentioned in some cruise brochures. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is not located near the sea and no visit to this city is included in the cruise price. 
Flying can be a terrifying experience for all ages and from all walks of life, especially if they have never flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
Don't be ashamed of it: it's not different from the fears and fears that many people have about other things.
Some people find it helpful to understand something about the workings of aircraft and what happens during a flight to overcome a fear that is based on the unknown or on not having control.
The companies that provide fast delivery are well paid to provide such services. Often, in an urgent repair, the question of time is crucial for documents, goods or spare parts that relate to them.
On some roads, large enterprises have their own aircraft, but on other roads and for small enterprises, there has been a problem.
If they had shipped goods by air freight, on some routes, it would have taken days to clear customs.
The only way to get it to the airport faster was to send it as registered baggage. Airline regulations will not allow them to send a bag without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The easiest way to travel first class or business class is to pay a large sum of money for this privilege (or, better still, ask your company to do it for you).
However, this is not cheap: in general, you can expect to pay up to four times the normal economy fare and eleven times for first class!
Generally, it is pointless to seek to obtain discounts for business or first class seats on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know very well that they can count on a certain type of traveller who are willing to pay very high prices for the privileges of speed and comfort, and they set their fares on the basis of knowledge.
The capital of the Republic of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is very common.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that is suffering from ethnic conflicts.
In 1994, this conflict resulted in the creation of the self-proclaimed republic of Transnistria in the eastern part of Moldova, with its own government and its own currency, but recognized by no country in the United Nations.
The economic links between these two parts of the Moldavie have been restored despite the failure of political negotiations.
The main religion in Moldova is Eastern Orthodox Christianity.
With a population of 3.7 million, Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey, the second port after Istanbul, and a good platform for correspondence.
What was once the ancient city of Smyrna is today a modern, developed and vibrant commercial centre, located around an enormous bay, surrounded by mountains.
La ville est entourée de montagnes et de forêts, et les bâtiments sont construits en bois et en pierre.
Haldarsvík is a small village on the island of Eysturoy, which has unusual octagonal church.
In the cemetery, there are interesting marble sculptures depicting doves on some graves.
It is worth walking for half an hour in this fascinating village.
The romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, located north, is easily accessible and has been made famous to foreigners by the vivid account of its splendour that Byron made of it.
The bus 403 of Scotturb travels regularly to Sintra, with a stop at Cabo da Roca.
When you are in the north, do not miss the beautiful Fatima Shrine (temple), a world-famous place for the appearances of Our Lady.
Don't forget that you are visiting essentially a mass grave, as well as a site that has a global significance for a significant part of the world's population.
There are still many people alive who have survived their stay here, and many others who have seen their relatives murdered or killed by forced labour, Jews or not Jews, regardless of their religion.
Please treat the site with all the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Don't make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not deface the site by painting or scratching graffiti on the structures.
Barcelona's official languages are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population speaks Catalan, a large majority understands it, and almost everyone is able to speak Spanish.
However, most of the signs are only in Catalan, because the law establishes that it is the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other installations.
Regular announcements in the metro are made only in Catalan, but unforeseen disruptions are announced by an automated system in many languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
The Parisians are renowned for being egotistical, rude and arrogant.
While this stereotype is often incorrect, the best way to get along in Paris is to behave well, act like someone of good manners. This will make your travels much easier.
The abrupt exteriors of Parisians disappear quickly if you show the very minimum of courtesy.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is densely wooded, mainly of beech, oak and pine, and presents a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
The country has a great variety of plant communities due to the diversity of its microclimates, soils and altitudes.
The region also houses a very large variety of animal and bird species.
Among the rarer species, the European brown bear, the wolf, the owl, the lynx, the wild cat, and the great tit can be seen, as well as many common species.
When they visit a monastery, women must cover their knees and cover their shoulders as well.
The majority of monasteries provide scarves to women who arrive without anything, but if you bring your own, and that too is brightly coloured, you will be given a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
As men must wear trousers that cover their knees.
You can also borrow this item from the stockroom, but as it is not washed after each use, it is possible that you do not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. A single size for men!
Majorcan cuisine, like that of similar Mediterranean areas, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (mainly pork), and relies on olive oil.
A simple and popular dinner, especially in summer, is the Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomato and all the condiments available, such as cheese, tuna, etc.
All names, followed by the word Sie, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
It is a good way to distinguish between some verbs and objects.
It can also be said that it facilitates reading, although the writing is a little complicated by the need to know whether a verb or an adjective is used substantively.
The pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian, as most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The most important letters to watch out for are the c and the g, because their pronunciation varies depending on the following vowel.
Please also ensure that you pronounce 'r' and 'rr' distinctly: 'caro' means 'dear', while 'carro' means 'cart'.
The Persian language has a relatively easy grammar and most of the time regular.
So reading this introduction to Persian grammar would help you to learn a lot about Persian grammar and to better understand the phrases.
However, if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
However, those who speak a little Spanish might conclude prematurely that the Portuguese is sufficiently close to Spanish to be studied separately.
Premodern observatories are usually outdated today, and remain as museums or sites of education.
As pollution from light was not as serious then as it is now, they are usually located in cities or on campus, easier to access than those built in the modern era.
Modern astronomical telescopes are enormous infrastructures placed in remote areas where the conditions are favorable for astronomical research.
Hanami, the Japanese tradition of viewing the cherry blossoms, has been part of Japanese culture for over eight thousand years.
The concept has come from China where plum blossoms were the favourite flower.
In Japan, the first Cherry Blossom Festivals were held by Emperor only for himself and his closest aristocratic circle around the Imperial Court.
Plants look their best when they are in a natural environment, resist the temptation to take just one.
If you visit a garden which is strictly designed, the collection of "specimens" will also throw you out without discussion.
Singapore is generally considered to be an extremely safe place, where it is very easy to move around, and where you can buy almost anything you need once you arrive there.
But, located in the 'highlands' at only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to adapt to the heat (always) and strong sunlight (when the sky is clear, which is more rare).
There are also some buses that go north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives.
Check that the bus you are planning to take will take you to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kyriat Arba.
Inland waterways can be an excellent theme for holidays.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or taking a cruise along the Danube or on the Erie Canal.
They also define popular cycling routes and mountain bike trails.
Christmas is one of the most important Christian festivals, it celebrates the birth of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with these festivals have also been adopted by non-believers in Christian countries and by non-believers throughout the world.
It is customary to sleep out on Easter morning to watch the sunrise.
There are certainly Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could well be that it is a spring and fertility ritual pre-Christian.
Traditional churches often hold a Paschal vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, the congregations often breaking into the celebration at midnight to celebrate Christ's resurrection.
All the animals that have arrived on these islands have done so by water, by boat or by air.
Because of the great distance between the islands, the giant tortoise was the main animal of pasture for the Galapagos islands.
From the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced, including cattle, horses, cows, sheep, rats, cats and dogs.
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic regions in winter, you will be able to witness the polar night, during which the sun does not rise above the horizon.
It is a good opportunity to admire the northern lights, as the sky will be dark almost all day.
As the regions are sparsely populated and that light pollution is not a problem, you can also enjoy the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than that which Westerners can be used to.
Costumes are classic workwear, and employees are referred to by their family name or by their job title.
Workplace harmony is crucial, because it places the emphasis on collective effort rather than individual achievements.
Workers often have to obtain the agreement of their superiors for any decision they take and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without asking questions.
