We now have 4 month old mice that are not diabetic, whereas they were before.
Dr Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and president of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warned that the research was still in its infancy.
In the same way as other experts, he is sceptical about the possibility of curing diabetes, pointing out that these results are not applicable to people who already suffer from type 1 diabetes.
Monday, during a radio program on Sveriges Radio, in Sweden, Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Nobel Prize Literature Committee of the Swedish Academy, announced publicly that the committee had decided to contact Bob Dylan directly about the Nobel Prize for Literature 2016.
Danius said: "At the moment, we are not doing anything. I called and sent emails to his closest colleague and I received very friendly replies. At the moment, it is certainly sufficient.
Before that, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, noted that he launched the company when his doorbell was not audible from his garage.
He said he had designed a Wi-Fi doorbell.
Mr Siminoff said that sales had increased after his appearance in 2013 in a Shark Tank episode in which the panel of the show refused to fund the start-up.
Siminoff appeared on QVC in February 2017.
Ring has also settled a lawsuit with a competing security company, ADT Corporation.
Even if a vaccine trial so far seems to be able to reduce the death rate of Ebola, no cure has yet been sufficiently effective to treat the existing infection.
Although the administration of a cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, had initially shown promising results on the ground, formal studies have shown that its ability to limit deaths did not meet expectations.
In PALM, the ZMapp was used as a witness, which means that the scientists used it as a reference and compared it to the three other treatments.
The American Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and accepts the absolute necessity of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all our athletes.
We are in agreement with the statement of the USOC (the United States Olympic Committee) that our athletes and clubs, as well as their sport, could be better served. This can be done by going forward and by making substantive changes within our organisation, rather than by revoking accreditation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how the abuse described so courageously by the survivors of Larry Nassar could have passed unnoticed for so long and adopts all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC have the same goal: to make gymnastics, as well as other sports, as safe as possible so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and responsible environment.
From the 1960s, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as a consultant, then for the Johnson administration.
In 1976, he advised Carter on foreign policy, and then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding to Henry Kissinger.
In his time at the NSA, he helped Carter to resolve international issues such as Camp David, in 1978, the normalisation of relations between the United States and China at the end of the 1970s, the Iranian revolution and its consequences as the hostage taking in Iran, in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, in 1979.
The film, with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, has received nominations in all the major categories.
Golsling and Stone were nominated for the Best Actor and the Best Actress respectively.
In addition, there are other nominations for the best film, the best director, the best cinematography, the best costumes, the best editing, the best music, the best sound, the best mixing and the best original screenplay.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, have been nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate has received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
La veille, le président Trump a déclaré que les troupes américaines allaient se retirer de la Syrie.
The announcement was made after President Trump had a telephone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would also take care of the detainees captured by ISIS, which, according to the statement, the European countries have refused to return.
It confirms not only that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already very widely accepted, but provides details that the fossils cannot usually provide, such as colour and three-dimensional arrangement.
The scientists say that this bird's feathers were brown-tan on top and pale or carotenoïde on the bottom.
This discovery also enables us to better understand the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because dinosaur feathers do not have a fully developed root, we call it tail, but they do have other characteristics that are distinctive to feathers – feather-like hairs and barbules – the researchers have concluded that the tail was probably an evolutionary development later on these other characteristics.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for regulation or display of temperature.
The scientists state that this is indeed the tail of a juvenile dinosaur, but the sample reveals a feather belonging to an adult, and not to a juvenile.
A car bomb exploded at the headquarters of the police in Gaziantep, Turkey, this morning, killing two police officers and injuring more than twenty others.
The governor's office said that ten of the injured were police officers.
The police have stated that they suspect a suspected Daesh (EI) militant as the suspect behind this attack.
They found that the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars. All stars in the system rotate and their luminosity determines their activity.
The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine the number of Rossby wavelengths of a star, which is related to the star's plasma flow.
In terms of magnetic reversals, the smaller the number of Rossby is, the less the star is active.
In his travels, Iwasaki had many problems at many occasions.
He was stolen by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz frequencies.
This will allow backward compatibility with 802.11a, b and g, subject to the station having two radios.
The Wi-Fi standard's speeds are significantly faster than those of its predecessors, with a theoretical maximum of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, who is married and has two adult children, did not impress Miller, who recounted the story to me.
When asked to comment, Miller said: 'Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing, so I didn't really hear what he was saying'.
We will strive to reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by a significant amount by 2020 compared to 2005 levels.
He did not give a figure for these cuts, saying that they would be based on the Chinese economic production.
Hu encouraged the developing countries to "avoid the old method of polluting first and then cleaning afterwards.
He added that "we should not expect them to take on obligations that exceed their development, responsibility and capabilities.
The Iraq Study Group report was presented today at 12 noon GMT.
He warns that nobody can guarantee that any action in Iraq at this stage will end sectarian violence, increase in violence or lead to chaos.
The report opens with an appeal for an open debate and for the formation of a consensus in the United States on Middle East policy.
The report is very critical of almost all aspects of the current government's policy towards Iraq and calls for an immediate change of direction.
The first of its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of the year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile interventions and to restore diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, announced her presidential candidacy, last night, in La Plata, a city located 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Ms Kirchner announced her intention to run for the presidency at the Teatro Argentino, the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the Buenos Aires province delegation.
The debate was triggered by the controversy over aid and reconstruction expenditure following Hurricane Katrina; this was dubbed by some conservatives in budgetary matters as "Bush's New Orleans Accord".
Liberal critics have focused on the awarding of reconstruction contracts to people perceived as Washington insiders.
Over 4 million people have travelled to Rome to attend the funeral.
Because of the large number of people present, it was not possible for everyone to attend the funeral on the Saint-Pierre Square.
Several large screen TVs have been installed at different places in Rome to allow people to watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland, similar installations have been completed and have been seen by a large number of people.
Historically, historians have criticised the FBI for concentrating its resources on easy cases, especially stolen cars, with the intention of increasing its success rate.
The Congress has launched funding for the initiative against pornography during the current fiscal year, while the FBI is planning to allocate ten agents to the fight against adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score of the match, 70 points in only 41 balls, hitting 11 fours and 2 sixes.
The average order bowlers, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have achieved good results and have achieved a century together.
But after losing the counter of his captain, India did not achieve any runs and lost seven counters until the end of the race.
The American President, George W. Bush, arrived in Singapore on 16 November, beginning a week-long tour of Asia.
He was welcomed by Wong Kan Seng, the Vice-Prime Minister of Singapore, and discussed trade and terrorism with Lee Hsien Loong, the Prime Minister of Singapore.
After seven days of electoral defeats, President Bush announced his plan to expand trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the "air quality" bill from the government to a multiparty committee for review, before its second reading, after a meeting of 25 minutes with NDP Leader Jack Layton at the CPM.
Layton had asked for changes to the environmental law proposal from the Conservatives during the meeting with the Prime Minister, asking for a "full and thorough reworking" of the Conservatives' environmental law proposal.
And since then, the federal government has taken the lead and has funded the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania. Some federal politicians have described this act as a farce at the approaching elections of November.
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that this legislation was aimed only at avoiding that the hospital’s facilities were to be declassed by the Tasmanian government, giving the government 45 million dollars more.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level readings indicate that a tsunami has occurred. A specific tsunami activity was recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No serious damage or injury has been reported in Tonga, but power was temporarily cut off, which would have prevented the Tongan authorities from receiving the tsunami alert issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre.
Twelve schools on or near the Hawaiian coast were closed all day on Wednesday despite the lifting of alerts.
The American President, George W. Bush, welcomed this announcement with satisfaction.
The spokesman for Bush, Gordon Johndroe, said the North Korean promise was "a major step towards the verifiable denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.
The 10th tropical storm of the season to bear a name, Jerry, has appeared today in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) states that at this stage Jerry does not pose any threat to land.
According to the U. S. Corps of Engineers, a six-inch rainfall could open a crack in the dams previously damaged.
The ninth district, which was hit by a 20-foot high flood during Hurricane Katrina, is currently under water up to the size because the neighboring dike has been overflowed.
The water spills over the levee in a 100-foot wide section.
At his speech on Wikinews last month, Adam Cuerden, Commons's director, expressed his frustration at the deletions that had been made.
« He [Wales] lied to us from the outset. Firstly, by claiming legal reasons, then by pretending to listen to us until he had removed his work. »
The discontent of the community has led to the current efforts to design a sexual content policy for the site that hosts millions of free and open media.
The work done was mainly theoretical, but the programme was written to simulate observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect sought would be caused by the gravitational forces between the black hole matter in the Milky Way and the black hole matter in the Milky Way's galactic neighborhood.
As the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, the Milky Way exerts a force on the galaxy of the Sagittarius.
Scientists concluded that the black matter affects other black matter in the same way as the normal matter.
According to this theory, most of the matter in the universe is in a sort of halo, and is made up of a great many small particles.
Television reports show white smoke coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn the inhabitants of the surrounding area to stay inside, to turn off the air conditioners and not to drink the tap water.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, radioactive cesium and iodine have been identified at the nuclear power plant.
The authorities assume that this means that the uranium fuel reservoir on the site has cracks and leaks.
Dr Tony Moll has discovered multi-resistant tuberculosis (TB-MR) in the South African KwaZulu-Natal region.
In an interview, he stated that the new mutation was "very troubling and alarming" because of the high rate of mortality.
Some patients may have contracted the virus at the hospital, according to Dr Moll, and at least two of them were part of the hospital staff.
In a year, one person can infect 10 to 15 close contacts.
However, the proportion of TB-UR in the overall TB group of people infected with TB seems still low; 6 000 people on a total of 330 000 were infected at one time in South Africa.
The satellites, which weighed each more than 450 kg and travelled at about 28,000 km/h, collided at a distance of 790 km above the Earth.
The scientists claim that the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
We are still trying to determine the extent of the accident and how the Earth will be affected.
The US Strategic Command's Strategic Debris Office follows the debris.
The results of the analysis of the route will be published on a public website." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
A pediatrician working at the Pittsburgh Children's Hospital was charged with murder with aggravating circumstances after his mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, according to the Ohio authorities.
Dr Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the road, in Blue Ash, in the Ohio, a suburb located about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He was wearing a T-shirt and underwear, in an apparently very drugged state.
She directed the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
There they found Saroja Balasubramanian’s body covered in bloody blankets.
The police said that it appeared that the body had been there for about a day.
The first cases of this seasonal influenza were reported in July.
Pork is carriers of the disease, which is then transmitted to man by mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian Government to take such measures as the deployment of cattle collectors in the affected areas, the distribution of thousands of mosquito nets and the spraying of pesticides.
A number of million bottles of vaccine against encephalitis have also been promised by the government, which will help to prepare the health agencies for next year.
The vaccine deliveries in historically hard-hit areas this year have been delayed due to lack of funds and low priority given to these diseases compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Sławomir settled in Sweden, where three years later, he started working for the Swedish Post, becoming its Chief engraver.
He produced more than 1000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is of such quality and detail that it is one of the few well-known philatelic artists in the ‘mainstream’. Some collectors devote their attention only to his works.
His 1000th stamp was the magnificent "Great Deeds by Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which is in the Guinness Book of Records.
He also engraved banknotes for many countries. Recent examples include the portraits of Prime Minister on the front of new Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
Following the accident, Gibson was taken to hospital, but died shortly after.
The driver of the truck, aged 64, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was taken from the accident site at 12 o'clock GMT the same day.
A garage employee near the accident site said: "there were children who were looking for a way across the road, and they were crying and wailing.
They all ran back from the place where the accident occurred.
In addition to other topics on the agenda at Bali, there is also the preservation of the last forests on the planet and the sharing of technologies to help developing countries to continue their growth in a less polluting manner.
The United Nations hopes to complete a fund to help poor countries cope with the impacts of climate change.
Funds could be used to build more resilient houses, better water management, and diversification of crops.
Fluke wrote that some efforts were made to prevent women from talking about their health.
She arrived at this conclusion thanks to the numerous positive and encouraging comments she received from both women and men on the importance of considering contraception as a necessity.
After the fight was stopped, the injured were taken to the hospital, 40 of the remaining prisoners refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' requests are not clear.
The prisoners lit a fire in the court.
Soon, riot policemen equipped with anti-riot equipment entered the courtroom and locked up the prisoners with tear gas.
The fire was finally put out at 23:55." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
After the construction of the dam in 1963, seasonal floods were stopped.
This sand was necessary for the creation of sandy beaches and dunes, which served as habitats for wildlife.
In consequence, two species of fish have disappeared and two other are in the process of disappearing, including the pike-perch.
However, the level of the water will only rise a few metres after the flood, but authorities hope that this will suffice to restore the eroded sand banks in the rear.
No tsunami alert has been issued and, according to the Indonesian Geophysical Agency, no tsunami alert will be issued because the earthquake did not reach the magnitude 6.5 required.
Because of the lack of tsunami risk, people started panicking and left their homes and businesses.
Despite the tears shed during his farewell speech, Oprah Winfrey has clearly said to her fans that she would be back.
It is not a goodbye. It is a page turning, and another opening.
The final results of the Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections indicate that outgoing President Hifikepunye Pohamba was re-elected by a large majority.
The ruling party, the Southern African People’s Organisation (SWAPO), also managed to retain its majority in the parliamentary elections.
The coalition forces and Afghan troops have moved into the area to secure the site and an aircraft from another coalition has been sent to assist.
The accident took place in a mountainous terrain, and it seems that it was caused by a malicious fire.
The efforts to find the accident site are limited by bad weather and the accident site is difficult to access.
According to the NGO Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization, this is the worst outbreak recorded in the country.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The matches began at 10 am with a beautiful day and, apart from the mist of mid-morning which quickly dissipated, it was a perfect day for rugby sevens.
South Africa, at the top of the ranking, started off on a good note by beating Zambia, fifth in the ranking.
South Africa, which seemed to be in a state of disrepair against its southern consœurs, has gradually improved over the tournament.
Their disciplined defence, their excellent passing and their teamwork made them stand out and it was obvious that it was the team to beat.
The city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank House say the tree is infected with a fungus and that it poses a health risk, because they say there is a risk of immediate tree collapse.
He was to be slaughtered on Tuesday, but he was saved by an emergency ruling of the court.
All the caves, which were named "The Seven Sisters", have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 metres.
Infrared images reveal, on the basis of the day and night temperature variations, that it is probably caves.
They are cooler than the surrounding area on a day and warmer at night.
« Their thermal behaviour is not as stable as that of the great caverns of the planet which maintain a constant temperature, but they are similar in that they are deep holes in the earth », according to Glen Cushing, a member of the USGS (U.S. Geological Survey) and the Arizona State University staff based in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting is traditionally a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a booth, put in an envelope a pre-printed sheet of paper indicating the candidate of their choice.
After the agents checked his identity, the voter threw the envelope into the ballot box and signed his voter card.
The French electoral code regulates the operations in a rather strict way.
From 1988, the ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can see that no envelope is present at the beginning of the vote and that no envelope is added, except those of voters counted and allowed.
Candidats may send representatives to each stage of the process. At night, the votes are counted by volunteers under close supervision, according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, launched previously on a global scale for reasons of economy and features, has become a hot topic during the Taipei IT Month of 2007.
But the laptop market will be profoundly transformed and diversified after ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by the Executive Yuan of the Republic of China.
The station's website describes the show as a "radio play of the old school with a new and scandalous geek twist!
Initially, the programme was only broadcast on the venerable TogiNet Radio website, a website dedicated to spoken radio.
TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidized station in 2015.
The original emissions were a made-for-TV movie, with amateur actors from the Texas-Mexico border.
The generalized looting would have continued during the night, the police being absent in the streets of Bishkek.
An observer described Kyiv as being in a state of 'anarchy', while the population was moving in bands through the streets and looting shops of consumer goods.
Many residents of Bishkek have criticised the protesters in the south as being responsible for the chaos.
South Africa beat the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby match of the Tri-Nations at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The match was tied at 21-20, ending the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
For the Springboks, it was the end of a series of five defeats.
It was the last game of the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy a few weeks ago.
The last match of the South African league will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks will face Australia.
Moderate earthquake shook the west of Montana at 22:08 on Monday night.
The USGS (United States Geological Survey) and its national earthquake information center have not received immediate reports of damage.
The epicenter was about 20 km (15 miles) between the north and north-east of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The H5N1 avian influenza virus that causes human death has been confirmed as having infected a wild duck found dead on Monday, in a marsh near Lyon in the east of France.
France is the seventh EU country to be affected by the virus, following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark are not yet confirmed.
Chambers had pursued God in court for "generalized mass slaughter, destruction and terror inflicted on millions and millions of people on Earth.
Chambers, an angel, says that his trial is ‘ frivolous’ and that ‘anyone can prosecute anyone’.
The story presented in the French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is that of an artist "whose life is dictated by his love for drugs and Japan.
In consequence, the artists smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself encourages the public to join them.
Newt Gingrich, the former Speaker of the House, Rick Perry, the governor of Texas, and the Senator Michele Bachmann finished respectively at the fourth, fifth and sixth place.
After the results were published, Newt Gingrich congratulated Rick Santorum, but he had harsh words for Mitt Romney, on behalf of whom negative advertising had been aired in Iowa against Newt Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate tonight's caucus results, and determine if there is a way for me to go in this race, but later he said he would stay in the race and participate in the South Carolina primary on 21 January.
Bachmann, who had won the ‘vote of straw’ in August, decided to put an end to his campaign.
The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he died following his injuries.
According to some sources, he has twenty years. In a statement, Bieber said: " Although I have not been present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers go to the family of the victim.
TMZ reports that the photographer had stopped his vehicle on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the police stop before crossing the road and continuing, prompting the California Highway Patrol to order him to stop, twice.
According to police, it is unlikely that the driver of the vehicle that hit the photographer will be prosecuted.
With only eighteen medals available per day, a number of countries have not been able to climb the podium of medallists.
They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen who finished ninth in the women's category yesterday in the Super-G, and Finland, with Katja Saarinen who finished tenth in the same event.
Mitchell Gourley came 11th of the standing men's Super G. The Czech Oldrich Jelinek came 16th in the standing men's Super G.
Mexican Arly Velasquez finished fifth in the men's standing Super G. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth in the standing Super G men.
The blind Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in the thirteenth place of the Super-G. South Korean Jong Seork Park finished in the twenty-fourth place of the Super-G sitting men's race
The UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010, are accused of spreading the disease that started near the UN camp.
According to the trial, the UN camp's waste did not properly be treated, causing bacteria to enter the Artibonite River, one of the largest rivers in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops, Haiti had not encountered any problems related to disease since the 1800s.
Haiti's Institute for Justice and Democracy referred to independent studies which suggest that the Nepalese peacekeeping force has deliberately brought disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, said that the outbreak was probably caused by the UN peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the Howard University Hospital had admitted the patient in stable condition.
The patient had travelled to Nigeria, where some cases of Ebola have occurred.
The hospital followed the infection control protocol, including isolation of the patient to avoid possible infection of other patients.
Before the Simpsons, Simon had worked on several series, occupying various posts.
In the 1980s, he worked on such shows as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, he was a member of the Simpsons' creation team with Brooks and Groening and was responsible for hiring the first team of writers for the series.
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of executive producer and continued to receive hundreds of millions of dollars in royalties each season.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua announced earlier that the hijacking of an aircraft had taken place.
Other reports have subsequently revealed that the aircraft had been subjected to a bomb threat and had been directed to Afghanistan to land at Kandahar.
The first reports indicate that the aircraft was diverted to Afghanistan after being refused an emergency landing at Ürümqi.
Air accidents are frequent in Iran, which has aged out of its fleet of aging and unmaintained aircraft for civil and military purposes.
Because of international sanctions, it is not possible to buy new aircraft.
At the beginning of this week, a helicopter accident killed three people and injured three others.
Last month Iran suffered its worst air disaster in years when a passenger plane heading to Armenia crashed, killing all 168 people on board.
The same month, another airline flight made a runway excursion at Mashhad and hit a wall, killing 17 people.
The Aerosmith band has cancelled its last concerts.
The rock band was to make a tour of the United States and Canada until 16 September.
They cancelled the tour after the singer Steven Tyler fell off the stage during a concert on 5 August.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after the two men kept their service throughout the set.
 Despite the net advantage of Del Potro during the second set, it had to be a tie-break once the score had reached 6-6.
Potro received treatment for his elbow at this time, but he was able to resume the match.
The program has started at 20 o'clock, local time (15 o'clock UTC).
Famous singers in all the country have presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to the feet of Shri Shyam.
The singer Sanju Sharma began the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. The bhajan of Chhappan Bhog was presented by the singer Raju Khandelwal. The singer accompanied by Raju Khandelwal.
Then Lakkha Singh took the initiative to sing bhajans.
108 Bhog dishes were served to Baba Shyam.
On the other hand, Lakkha Singh also presented the bhog bhajan, accompanied by the singer Raju Khandelwal.
On Thursday, during the main presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata revealed the design of the new Nintendo Revolution controller from the company.
Like a television remote control, the command uses two sensors placed near the television of the user to triangulate his position in the three-dimensional space.
It will allow players to control the actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race after the start.
His team mate Fernando Alonso dominated the race, but his pit stop put an end to this domination, probably because of a front wheel bearing that was not properly fixed.
Michael Schumacher finished his race after Alonso, due to damages sustained at the suspensions throughout the race.
« She is very pretty, and she sings very well as well », he said according to a transcript of the press conference.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
After launch, a camera mounted on the fuel tank showed many pieces of foam insulation being detached.
We do not think they have caused any damage to the shuttle.
NASA's program manager for the space shuttle, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam fell "after the time that we are concerned about.
Five minutes after the beginning of the exhibition, a wind begins to blow, reaching about one minute later, a speed of 70km/h... then the rain comes, but so strong and so heavy that it hits your skin as if it were a needle, then the hail falls from the sky, people panic, cry and roll over themselves.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two wheelchair-bound people, people who were just jumping and pushing.
The NHK also said that the nuclear power plant at Kashiwazaki Kariwa, in Niigata Prefecture, was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. has not reported any effects of the earthquake and that the number 1 and 2 reactors at its nuclear power plant in Shika have been shut down.
There are about 9 400 homes in the region without water, and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads were damaged, rail services were suspended in affected areas, and Noto airport in the prefecture of Ishikawa is still closed.
A bomb exploded in front of the governor general's office.
Three other bombs exploded near the government buildings in just two hours.
Some reports claim that the official figure of eight deaths is correct, while official reports confirm that up to 30 people have been injured; but the final figures are not yet known.
The presence of cyanuric acid and melamine in the urine samples taken from domestic animals who died after eating contaminated animal feed.
The two compounds react with each other to form crystals which can block the kidney's function, have said researchers at the university.
The investigators found that crystals had formed in the cats' urine because of the presence of these additional substances, melamine and cyanuric acid. 
The composition of these crystals corresponds to what is found in the urine of domestic animals affected when IRTF spectroscopy is used.
I do not know whether you realise that most of the goods coming from Central America are now entering our country without paying any taxes.
However, 80% of our goods were taxed by duties in Central and South America countries. We were treating you.
It did not seem logical to me; it was certainly not just.
What I say to people is that you treat us as you treat us.
The governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, has promulgated a law that prohibits the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires violent video games sold in California to be labeled with an "18" sticker and makes selling them to a minor a misdemeanor punishable by a fine of $1,000 per violation.
The Public Prosecutions Director, Kier Starmer QC, made a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of Huhne and Pryce.
Huhne resigned and he will be replaced in the cabinet by the Member of Parliament Ed Davey. Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister for Foreign Affairs to which Davey resigns.
Huhne and Pryce must appear before the Westminster Magistrates Court on 16 February.
The victims are Nicholas Alden, 25 years old, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21 years old. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla was injured in his arm and jaw while Kristoffer Schneider had to undergo reconstructive surgery for his face.
The weapon of Uka stopped when it was pointed at the head of a fifth man. Schneider is suffering from a sharp pain, can no longer see, has lost part of his skull, and his face has been rebuilt from titanium.
Schneider testified by video link from a base of the US Air Force in his country.
On the other hand, Carpanedo participated in two individual races during the Championships.
She then took part in the slalom, where she received a "did not finish" (DNF) during her first race. 36 of 116 competitors received the same result in this race.
Her other race, the giant slalom, allowed her to finish tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined time of 4:41.30, that is 2:11.60 minutes less than the Austrian Claudia Loesch, who was first, and 1:09.02 minutes less than the Hungarian Gyöngyi Dani, who was ninth.
In the women's ski sitting category, four skiers failed to finish their race; in the giant slalom, 45 skiers on a total of 117 skiers failed to place themselves.
The police of Madhya Pradesh has recovered the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The Assistant Inspector General D. K. Arya said: "We have arrested five people for having violated the Swiss national, and we have recovered her mobile phone and her laptop.
The accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the police commissioner, stated that the accused had been covered up when they appeared before the court.
While three people were present in the house when the car hit it, none were injured.
However, the driver was seriously injured to the head.
The road where the accident took place was temporarily closed to allow emergency services to extract the driver of the red Audi TT.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
He then transferred to the Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been charged with the murder of her son by the Sheriff Court of Edinburgh.
She is in custody awaiting trial and her trial, but eyewitness testimony could be compromised because her portrait has been widely disseminated.
It is a common practice elsewhere in the United Kingdom, but the Scottish justice system operates differently and the courts have considered that publishing photographs could be prejudicial.
Professor Pamela Ferguson, of Dundee University, notes that " journalists seem to follow a dangerous line if they publish photos, etc. of suspects.
The Crown Prosecution Service, which is responsible for the entire case, has said that no further comment will be made at least until the accused.
According to the leak, the document will deal with the dispute at the border that the Palestinians claim on the basis of the pre-1967 borders.
The other subjects discussed were the future State of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the question of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for a period of ten years from the signing of an agreement, while the Palestinian Authority only consents to a period of five years.
The shooters of the supplementary control trial were closely monitored by rangers, because the trial was controlled and its effectiveness assessed.
In a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) inc., qualified volunteers have been recruited, in the context of the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting programme.
According to Mick O'Flynn, acting conservator of the park and heritage at NPWS, the four shooters appointed for the first aerial shooting campaign have been properly trained and instructed on safety procedures.
Martelly has just appointed a new provisional electoral council (CEP) made up of nine members. 
It is the fifth PEC of Martelly in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended the dissolution of the previous CEP in the context of a series of measures aimed at engaging the country on a new electoral path.
This commission was the response of Martelly to the widespread protests against the regime which started in October.
The violent protests sometimes took place because of the absence of elections, some of which were due to take place in 2011.
Around 60 cases of overheating of iPods have been reported, resulting in six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) said it had been made aware of 27 accidents involving these devices.
Last week, the Ministry of Economy and Technology announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which it described as "non-serious.
The Ministry of Justice has described the postponement of the report by Apple as ‘really regrettable’.
The earthquake struck the Mariannes at 7:19 local time (21:19 GMT Friday).
The Emergency Management Agency for the Northern Mariana Islands said there had been no damage reported in that country.
In addition, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center has said there was no sign of a tsunami.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 at tourists.
Many hostages have been saved, and at least six of them have been confirmed dead so far.
- Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released prematurely, as were the Filipino photographers.
The photographers then took the place of an elderly woman who needed to go to the toilet. Mendoza was shot dead.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and decided to become a doctor.
He followed a training in obstetrics, and started working at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When he was working at the hospital, Liggins began to investigate premature births during his free time. 
His research has demonstrated that if a hormone was administered, it would accelerate the lung maturation of the baby.
The Xinhua news agency reported that the government investigators recovered two flight recorders (or "black boxes") on Wednesday.
Other fighters also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said: "Luna was the first Queen of the extreme. My first manager. Luna died the night of two moons. A unique moment, just like she. A strong woman. 
Dustin ‘ Goldust’ Runnels commented that ‘ Luna was as strange as me... or even more... I love her and she will be missed... I hope she rests in a better place.’
A survey of 1,400 people before the federal elections in 2010 revealed that the number of opponents to the transformation of Australia into a republic had increased by 8 % since 2008.
The interim Prime Minister Julia Gillard said during the federal election campaign that she thought Australia should become a republic at the end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34 per cent of those questioned share this view, and wish that Queen Elizabeth II is the last monarch to rule Australia.
At the extremes of the survey, 29 % of respondents believe Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 % believe Australia should never become a republic.
The gold medal winner was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints, his fitness was questioned.
He could not take the necessary medicines to overcome his pain, these being banned within the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the University of Central Missouri, discovered the 25 January the largest prime number known to date.
Many people have checked the discovery using different equipment and software in early February, and it was announced on Tuesday.
The comets may have been a source of water for the earth, as well as organic matter that can form proteins and promote life.
The scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, and in particular how the Earth was formed, because comets have collided with it for a long time.
Cuomo, 53, began his term as governor in January and signed the bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He described the rumours as ‘babble and political nonsense’.
We think he will be the next president in 2016.
According to the FAA, NextGen is a system that would allow aircraft to fly shorter distances and save millions of gallons of fuel each year, limiting CO2 emissions.
It is based on satellite technology, and not on ground-based radar systems used previously, which allows air traffic controllers to locate aircraft more accurately and to provide pilots with more detailed information.
The additional transport is non-existent and surface trains will not stop at Wembley, and parking and relay stations are not available on the ground.
The fear of not having enough transport has led to the possibility that the match could be played in closed doors, without the supporters of the teams.
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science has reported the emergence of a new species of bird in the Galápagos Islands equatorianas.
Among the researchers from Princeton University in the United States and the University of Uppsala in Sweden, it was noted that the new species had evolved in only two generations, although this process had been estimated much longer, due to the reproductive interbreeding between a Darwin's finch, Geospiza fortis, and the finch immigrant with conical beak, Geospiza conirostris
You can shape gold in many ways. It can be rolled into small pieces.
It can be twisted and woven into thin strips, or it can be hammered or laminated into sheets.
It can be made very fine, and glued onto another metal. It can be so fine that it has sometimes been used to decorate hand-painted images in manuscripts called "enlumined manuscripts.
That's what we call a chemical product's pH. You can make an indicator by using a red cabbage juice.
The colour of cabbage changes according to the acidity or basicity (alkalinity) of the chemical.
The pH level is indicated by the amount of hydrogen ions (H in pH) present in the chemical sample.
Hydrogen ions are protons which have been stripped of their electron (because hydrogen atoms are made up of a proton and an electron)." #
Mix the dry powders together, then, with clean hands and moist ones, press them into a ball.
The humidity on your hands will react with the external layers, which will produce an odd sensation and produce a sort of shell.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had toilets equipped with a flush in almost every house, connected to a sophisticated sewage
Found remains of sewer systems in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman times, public baths sometimes included toilets where men and women met.
When you call someone who is thousands of kilometres away, you use a satellite.
The satellite receives the call in space, then returns it to Earth almost instantly.
The satellite was sent into space by a rocket.
A giant rocket of more than 30 metres high is needed to put a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in many ways. The greatest advantage it has given us is to have made transport much easier and faster.
This has brought us the train, the car and many other means of transport.
Below are medium-sized carnivores that eat medium-sized prey, including rabbits, deer and other cattle.
In addition, there are many small cats (including free-roaming cats) that eat the smaller prey, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret of their success is the concept of niche, a special task assigned to each feline, preventing it from competing with other.
The lions are the most sociable cats, living in large groups called herds.
Herds are composed of one to three adult males, as well as a thirty-some females and cubs.
Women are generally very close to each other, their family being composed of a large number of sisters and daughters.
The lions act like packs of wolves or dogs, animals that are surprisingly similar to lions (but not to other big cats) in their behaviour, and also very deadly for their prey.
A balanced athlete, the tiger can climb (but sometimes difficultly), swim, jump great distances and pull with five times the strength of a powerful human.
The tiger is part of the same family (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four felines are the only ones capable of roaring.
The roar of the tiger does not resemble the roar of the lion, but rather to a phrase whose words would be cries and groans.
The ocelot is fond of small animals. It catches monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if it can. Almost all the animals that the ocelot hunts are much smaller than him.
According to scientists, ocelots sniff out prey (prey) by the olfactory sense, by sniffing their way on the ground.
They see very well in the dark thanks to their night vision, and they move also very stealthily. The ocelots hunt their prey by blending into their environment before they leap on them.
When a small group of living beings (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it is derived (for example, if it moves above a mountain range or river, or if it moves to a new island so that it can not easily return to its former environment), it often finds itself in a different environment than it was previously.
This new environment has different resources and competitors, so that the new population will need new characteristics or adaptations to be a powerful competitor against what it had previously.
The population of origin has not changed at all, it has always needed the same adaptations.
Over time, as the new population adapts to its new environment, it begins to look less and less like the other population.
Finally, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will appear so different that they will no longer be considered to be of the same species.
We call this process'speciation', which simply means the formation of new species. The speciation is an inevitable and very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe, and they absorb carbon dioxide that we exhale (which is to say, exhale).
Plants produce their food by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We make our houses and clothes out of plants. Most of the food we eat is plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The giant squid was the superpredator of the time, it did not fear anything, except other giant squid.
His long jaws were equipped with more than 70 sharp teeth, as well as a series of additional teeth in the palate, so that anything that crossed his path could not escape.
We are not sure, but it may have been a bit tongue-tied. His diet included large fish, other plesiosaurs, and it may even have been cannibalistic.
He attacked everything that entered the water; even a dinosaur like a T. rex was not big enough against him.
While the Romans ate food that we know, they ate strange or unusual dishes, including deer, pheasants, snails and cockroaches, as well as the hare, a sort of rodent.
Other difference: while the poor and the woman ate their food sitting on chairs, the rich men liked to organise banquets where they rested on the side while they ate.
Roman meals of the ancient world could not include these foods from the United States or Asia that have been introduced into Europe centuries later.
For example, they had no wheat, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cacao, and no Romans have ever tasted lamb.
The Babylonians built for each of their gods a main temple which was considered to be the god's dwelling place.
People brought sacrifices to the gods and priests tried to meet the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivities.
Each temple had a courtyard, then a inner sanctum to which only priests could access.
Some pyramidal temples, the ziggurats, were sometimes built as part of a temple.
The summit of the tower was a special place for the god.
In the hot climate of the Middle East, the house wasn't so important.
The bulk of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the courtyard; the shops were only open-air counters, giving on the street. The houses were built in stones. 
As there were no large forests in Canaan, the wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In Scandinavian sagas, it is said that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder he found Greenland and named it after it.
But regardless of her discovery, the Inuits lived there already at the time.
While each country is'scandinavian', there are many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie Benjamin Gates and the Treasure of the Templars, you may think that a treasure map has been drawn on the back of the Declaration of Independence. 
However, it is not true. Although there is an inscription on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
On the back of the declaration of independence, it read: 'Original declaration of independence dated July 4, 1776.' The text is on the reverse.
While nobody knows who wrote it, it is known that at an early stage of its existence, the great parchment (which measures approximately 29 inches three quarters on 24 inches) was rolled up. 
It is therefore likely that the grade has been added simply as an label.
The landing day and the subsequent battles liberated the north of France, but the south was still not free.
She was ruled by French Vichy sympathizers, who made peace with the Germans in 1940 and collaborated with the occupying power instead of facing it.
On 15 August 1940, Allied troops landed in the south of France, an invasion called Operation "Dragoon.
In just two weeks, the Americans and the Free French Forces had liberated the south of France and were heading for Germany.
A civilisation is a unique culture shared by a large number of people who live and work in cooperation, a society.
The word 'civilisation' is derived from the Latin word 'civis', which means civil and which is related to the Latin words 'civis', which means citizen, and 'civitas', which means city or state and which indicates also, in some way, the size of the society concerned. 
The cities-states are the pioneers of nations. A civilisational culture involves the transmission of knowledge on several generations, a durable cultural empreinte and a fair distribution.
Minority cultures often disappear without leaving any historically relevant traces and are not recognised as genuine civilisations.
In the revolutionary war, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government - the Congress being its only component - under the Articles of the Confederation.
The Congress had no power to impose taxes and, as there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the authorities of the state, often less cooperative, to enforce its acts.
He did not have the power to derogate from tax laws or from customs duties between Member States.
The articles required unanimous consent of all the States before they could be amended and the States took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team is, with Germany's national team, the second most successful team in the world and it has won the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
In popular sports, football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, equestrian sports, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula 1 are included.
Skiing is the most popular sport in the northern regions, Italians participating in international and Olympic events.
Japan has more than 7 000 islands (the largest being Honshu), which makes it the 7th largest island in the world!
Because of the group of islands that it comprises, Japan is often referred to, from a geographical point of view, as an 'archipelago'.
The first information about Taiwan dates back to the fifteenth century, whilst European sailors passing through it made mention of it under the name of Formosa, or "beautiful island".
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in the south-west of Taiwan, introducing a transformation of traditional practices of rice production and employing Chinese workers to work in its rice and sugar plantations.
In 1683, the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and declared them province of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after his defeat in the first Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895), the Qing government signed the Shimonoseki Treaty, by which it ceded Taiwan to Japan, which was then in charge of the island until 1945.
The Inca citadel is made up of three main structures, the Intihuatana, the sun temple and the three-window room.
Most of the neighbouring buildings have been rebuilt to provide better views of their original appearance.
In 1976, thirty percent of Machu Picchu had been restored and this restoration continues to this day.
For example, the most common format of photographic film is 35 mm; it was the most common format of film used at the end of the analogue film era.
It is still made today, but what matters is that its image format is inherited from the digital camera format.
The 35 mm format is actually, and it is quite surprising, 36 mm wide by 24 mm high.
So we say that the aspect ratio of this format (dividing by 12 to get the simplest of integer numbers) is 3:2.
Many common formats (APS, for example) are equal to this report aspect or are close to it.
The third-country rule, which has been badly treated and often mocked, is a simple directive that offers dynamism while offering protection to the image.
He indicates that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of the lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
(IT) Durante questo periodo storico dell'Europa, la Chiesa cattolica, che era diventata ricca e potente, è stata messa in discussione.
For more than a thousand years, Christianity has bound the European States together despite the differences in language and customs.
His omnipresence touched everyone, from the king to the peasants.
One of the Christian principles is that wealth should be used to relieve suffering and poverty and that the church's money is there specifically for this reason.
The central authority of the church was in Rome for more than 1000 years and this concentration of power and money has led many people to wonder whether this doctrine was respected.
After the conflict began, Great Britain established a naval blockade against Germany.
This strategy has proved effective, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade has been flagrantly violating international law generally accepted and codified by several international agreements of the two last centuries.
The United Kingdom is attempting to block international waters in order to prevent vessels from venturing into entire areas of maritime jurisdiction, which represents a threat even to neutral vessels.
As this tactic has not elicited a timid reaction, Germany expected a similar reaction to its underwater warfare without limits.
In the 20th century, most citizens and nations showed a tendency for pacifism and isolation.
After seeing the horrors and atrocities of war during the First World War, nations wished to avoid a recurrence of such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job at the Edison Company in New York.
He arrived in the United States with four hundred dollars in his name, a poem and a letter from Charles Batchelor (his previous employer) to Thomas Edison.
The ancient Chinese had a unique way of showing the different periods of China or each family that was in power was a distinct dynasty.
There were also periods of instability between dynasties. The most famous of these periods is the Three Kingdoms period which lasted for 60 years between the Han Dynasty and the Jin Dynasty.
In these periods, fierce battles took place between many nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms were one of the bloodiest periods in Chinese history. Thousands of people died in battle to sit on the throne of the great palace of Xi'an.
There are many social and political repercussions such as the use of the metric system, the passing from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the conviction that the country belongs to the people and not to one single leader.
As well, after the Revolution, the professions were opened to all male candidates, allowing the most ambitious and the most talented to succeed.
It is the same for the army, as the ranking of armies is no longer based on the class, but on the calibre.
The French Revolution has also inspired many other oppressed workers in other countries to start their own revolution.
Muhammad was deeply interested in questions that transcended the worldly life. He had a habit of frequenting a cave which has become famous under the name of ‘Hira’ on the mountain of ‘Noor’ (light) for contemplation.
The cave itself, which survived the time, gives a very vivid picture of Muhammad’s spiritual inclinations.
Located at the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it is not easy to find, even though we know that it exists. When we entered the cave, we were completely isolated. 
Up there, you can only look at the clear sky and the many mountains surrounding it. From the inside of the cave, you can only see or hear very little of this universe.
The Great Pyramid of Gizeh is the only of the seven wonders that still exists today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians during the third millennium BC. It is one of many gigantic structures erected in honour of the Pharaohs who died.
The Giza Plateau, or ‘Giza Necropolis’, in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, contains several pyramids (the largest being the most imposing), several small tombs, many temples and the Great Sphinx.
The great pyramid was built to honour the pharaoh Khéops, and many small pyramids, tombs and temples were built to honour his wives and his family.
The symbol ‘push’ looks like a V and the symbol ‘pull’ looks like a staple or a square with a missing side.
The top means you must start with the tip and push the bow, and the bottom means you must start with the rise (where your hand holds the bow) and pull the bow.
A bow up produces a softer sound, while a bow down produces a stronger and more assertive sound.
Don't be afraid to write your own marks on the crayon, but remember that printed archets are for a musical reason, and that you should therefore generally respect them.
On October 6, 1789, King Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two young children (Marie-Thérèse, 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, 4 years old) and the sister of the king, Madame Elisabeth, all terrified, were forced to return to Paris from Versailles by a crowd of
In a carriage they went back to Paris surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted and screamed threats against the king and the queen.
The King and Queen were forced to open the windows of their carriages because of the crowd.
At one point, a crowd member brandished the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles in front of the terrified queen.
The US imperialist war expenditures in the Philippines have been paid by the people of the Philippines themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime in order to cover a large part of the expenses and interest of the bonds issued by the Wall Street banks in the name of the Philippine government.
Of course, the superprofits derived from prolonged exploitation of the Filipino people could constitute the fundamental benefits of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context in which the order was created.
These events took place during the period generally considered to be the High Middle Ages – a period of European history from 1000 to 1300.
The Central Middle Ages were preceded by the High Middle Ages and followed by the Low Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, ranging from the technological push or the technological imperative to a strict sense of which the destiny of humanity is determined by a logical underpinning linked to scientific laws and their manifestation in technologies.
Many interpretations of technological determinism agree on two general ideas: technological development itself takes place beyond cultural and political influences, and technology has an impact on societies that are intrinsically conditioned rather than socially.
For example, one could say that the car is necessary inevitably to the development of roads.
However, a national road network is not economically viable for a few cars, so new production methods are developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a car.
Massive ownership of cars also leads to an increased incidence of road accidents, which leads to the invention of new techniques in the area of health care for treating body injuries.
Romanticism presented an important cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
According to Romantic theories, geography would have shaped the individuals and, over time, customs and a culture linked to this geography would have emerged. These, in harmony with the places occupied by society, would be preferable to arbitrarily imposed laws.
In the same way that Paris is known as the capital of the contemporary world of fashion, Constantinople was regarded as the European feudal capital.
His reputation as the centre of luxury began around 400 AD and lasted until 1100 AD.
His status has declined over the twelfth century, chiefly because the Crusaders returned with presents such as silk and spices, which the Byzantine markets could not compete with.
It was at this time that the title of the capital of fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic architecture flourished between the 9th and 11th centuries and peaked in the 13th century.
At the beginning, the dress was heavily influenced by Byzantine culture, to the east.
However, due to the slowness of communication means, Western modes could accuse a delay of 25 to 30 years.
In the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style. One of the greatest developments of the time, following the crusades, was the use of buttons for closing clothing.
Subsistence agriculture is a form of agriculture practised to produce enough food to meet only the needs of the farmer and his family.
A subsistence agriculture system is a simple, often biological system using locally-sourced seeds, combined with rotational farming or other relatively simple techniques to maximise crop yield.
Historically, most farmers practised subsistence farming and that is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures bring together individuals feeling neglected by social norms and sharing the same ideas which allows them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be distinguished by age, ethnic origin, class, location and / or sex of members.
Criteria that determine a subculture as distinct from other subcultures can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographic or a combination of factors.
Subculture members often signal their membership by a distinctive and symbolic style, which encompasses fashion, manias and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialisation is to take inspiration from a few unfortunate cases of children who, by negligence, misfortune or deliberate abuse, have not been socialised by adults during their childhood.
These children are considered to be "wild" or "savage". Some children were locked up by people (usually their own parents) ; in some cases, the abandonment of this child was due to the rejection by parents of a severe intellectual or physical disability which the child suffered.
Wild children can have suffered serious abuse or trauma before being abandoned or escaping.
Others would have been raised by animals; some would have lived alone in the wild.
When they are raised entirely by non-human species, wild children display almost identical behaviours to those of animals raised by them, such as fear or indifference towards humans.
As the project-based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, the support goes further.
Support is not a method of learning but rather a means of helping learners who discover a new teaching method such as the use of a new programme or the beginning of a new project.
Supports can be both virtual and real. In other words, a teacher is a form of support, but the little Microsoft Office guy is also a form of support.
Virtual scaffolds are integrated into the software and are intended to guide, explain and guide students through procedures which could have been too difficult to manage by the student alone.
Children are placed in foster care for very diverse reasons, from neglect to maltreatment, from extortion to theft.
No child should ever grow up in an environment that is not stimulating, attentive and educational, but that is the case.
We perceive family placement as a safe zone for these children.
Our family placement system is supposed to provide safe, loving caregivers, stable education and reliable healthcare.
The placement in foster care is supposed to provide all the necessities that were lacking in the home from which they were previously removed.
Internet combines mass communication and interpersonal communication.
The distinctive characteristics of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of approach to usages and gratifications.
For example, ‘learning’ and ‘socialisation’ are considered to be major factors favouring Internet use (James et al., 1995).
‘Personal involvement’ and ‘continued relations’ have also been identified as being new motivational aspects by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied public reactions to internet sites.
Video recording has led to great discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions, i.e. facial expressions during a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that one can detect if a person is lying by interpreting correctly micro-expressions.
Oliver Sacks, in his article The President's Speech, has indicated how people who cannot understand the speech because of brain damage are still able to assess the sincerity with precision.
He suggests that such capacities for human behaviour may be found in domestic dogs.
Research in the twentieth century has shown that there are two genetic reservoir variations: hidden and expressed.
The mutation adds a new genetic variation, and the selection removes it from the reserve of expressed variations.
Gender segregation and recombination alternate between the two basins at each generation.
In the savannah, it is difficult for a non-human primate with a digestive system similar to that of humans to satisfy its nutritional needs from the available plant resources.
In addition, a lack of reaction has serious consequences: growth problems, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The most easily accessible resources would be the proteins contained in leaves and legumes, but they are difficult to digest for us, unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal-based food (ants, termites, eggs) is easy to digest and provides a large amount of proteins containing all essential amino acids.
In all fairness, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors have solved their 'protein problem' a little in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna do today.
Sleep interruption is the process of intentional waking during your sleep and subsequently relaxing for a short period of time (10 to 60 minutes).
It can be done easily using a relatively quiet alarm clock, so that you can wake up without waking up completely.
If you find yourself resetting the clock while you are asleep, it may be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other possibilities based on the biorhythm include drinking a lot of liquids before going to sleep (particularly water or tea, reputed to be diuretics), which forces you to wake up to urinate.
The degree of peace within a person opposes the degree of tension in his or her body and mind.
The more tension is low, the more the present vital force is positive. Each person has the possibility of finding absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can reach enlightenment. The only thing that stands in the way is our own tension and our negativeness.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but has been enriched by the mahayana path and by many Indian techniques of yoga.
In principle, the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and universal love.
With Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (illumination) is awakened by yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
Tibetan meditation center is the yoga of the deity. It is through visualization of different deities that the channels of energy are cleansed, the chakras are activated, and the consciousness of awakening is created.
Germany was a common enemy during World War II, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the United States. At the end of the war, deep conflicts between their different systems, methods and cultures ended the entente between these two countries.
Two years after the end of the war, the former allies have become enemies and the Cold War has begun.
It would last for the next 40 years and see real conflicts, through proxy armies, on battlefields in Africa as well as in Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On 17 September 1939, the Polish defence was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian front.
But these plans have become obsolete almost overnight, when more than 800 000 Soviet soldiers arrived and created the Bieloruss-Ukrainian front after invading the eastern parts of Poland, violating the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish non-aggression pact, as well as other international treaties, bilateral or multilateral, that they be bilateral or multilateral.
The use of ships for goods transport is by far the most efficient way to move large quantities of people and goods across oceans.
The work of the armed forces has traditionally been to ensure that your country retains the capacity to move your people and your goods, while interfering with your enemy's capacity to move people and goods.
One of the most recent examples of this situation was the campaign North Atlantic during World War II. The Americans were trying to cross the Atlantic Ocean to send soldiers and equipment to help Great Britain.
At the same time, German naval forces, using mainly U-boats, tried to stop this traffic.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have been able to conquer Britain as it has done for the rest of Europe.
It seems that goats were domesticated for the first time some 10 000 years ago in the Zagros mountains in Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribal groups began to keep them close to them so they could easily access milk, fur, skins, and meat.
Domestic cattle were usually kept in herds that wandered on hills or other pastures, often cared for by shepherds who were most often children or adolescents, similar to the more common term of shepherds.
The ‘wagonways’ were built in England from the 15th century.
However, the tracks were simply made of parallel planks of wood, which allowed horses to pull them faster and to carry heavier loads than on the slightly more accident-prone roads of the day.
The cross-ties were introduced early enough to keep the tracks in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks would be more effective if they were equipped with a steel strip on top.
It has become a common practice, but the iron has caused more wear on the wooden wheels of wagons.
Finally, the wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first iron rails were introduced.
The first means of locomotion was walking: humans began to walk upright about two million years ago with the arrival of the Homo Erectus ("right-handed man").
Their predecessors, the australopithècs, did not walk upright as usual.
There are bipedal specializations in fossils of Australopithecus afarensis from 4,2 to 3,9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs already seven million years ago.
We can begin by living in better harmony with the environment, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even campaign in the aim of mitigating the sufferings to come.
In many cases, it is a symptomatic treatment. However, if we do not just want a temporary solution, we must find the root of the problems and disable them.
It is clear that the world has changed a lot thanks to the scientific and technological advances made by human beings, and that the problems have become more important due to the overpopulation and the extravagant lifestyle of humanity.
After its adoption by the Congress on 4 July, a draft signed by the Congress' president John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent to a few blocks away, to the printing shop of John Dunlap.
 – Mr President, during the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, known today as "Dunlap Broadsides.
The first reading of the document was made by John Nixon in the Independence Hall court on 8 July.
One of them was sent to George Washington on 6 July, who read it to his troops at New York on 9 July. A copy reached London on 10 August.
The 25 sheets Dunlap that are still known to exist are the oldest copies of the document. The original manuscript copy has not survived.
Many palaeontologists today believe that a dinosaur group survived and is still alive. They are called birds.
Many people do not regard them as dinosaurs, given that they have wings and can fly.
But there are still many things about birds that look like a dinosaur.
They have claws and teeth, they lay eggs and walk on their two hind legs like T-Rex.
In practice, all computers used today are based on the manipulation of information that is coded in binary form.
A binary number can only have one of two values: 0 or 1. These numbers are called binary numbers, or bits for using the computer jargon.
An internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. The symptoms, such as vomiting, are sufficiently general to allow a diagnosis to be made immediately.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning is probably the presence of an open container of toxic household chemicals or medicines.
Look at the label for the specific instructions for first aid in this poison.
The term 'insect' is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
This term derives from an old familiarity with bed bugs, which are very adapted to parasitise humans.
Snakes, like bed bugs, are nidicolous, that is, adapted to live in the nest or host's home.
In the United States, there are approximately 400 000 known cases of spinal cord injury (SCI), which makes it the most common neurological disease among young and middle-aged adults.
(CS) La sclérose en plaques is a disease which affects the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and optic nerve.
Research has shown that women are twice as likely to have multiple sclerosis than men.
A couple can very well feel that it is not in their interest, nor in the child's interest, to take care of the child's education.
These couples may choose to make a child adoption plan.
In a foster care arrangement, the biological parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple can raise the child.
The main objective of science is to understand how the world works through scientific methodology. This method guides in fact most scientific research.
It is not the only, experimentation, and an experiment is a test that serves to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, pose questions and make observations, but it also orients scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers have concentrated on ancient texts, and in particular on the Latin Bible.
Aristotle's opinions on all scientific questions, including psychology, were accepted.
With the decline of Greek knowledge, Western civilization has been cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots.
Many observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour depend largely on the presence of endogenous circadian rhythms and their production by circadian clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which do not simply respond to external stimuli, have been documented for most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to operate for a certain period even when there is no external stimulus.
The Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the most important indications that DNA was a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used phages, or viruses, to implant their own DNA into a bacteria.
They have conducted two experiments to mark either the phage DNA with a radioactive phosphorus, or the phage protein with a radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have many different effects depending on the type of mutation, the extent of the genetic material affected and whether the affected cells are germ cells.
Only germline mutations can be passed on to children, while other mutations can lead to cell death or cancer.
Ecotourism is aimed at people who want to visit natural areas in order to enjoy the landscape, in particular wildlife and flora.
Hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, bird parks and studying the ecosystem are examples of activities on the ground.
You can, for example, go and see, photograph and discover the orang-utans of Borneo.
Every morning, people leave the small towns of countryside in their cars to get to their place of work and cross other people who are going to work in the country they just left.
In this dynamic car-sharing system, each is connected to a car-based transport system and supports it.
The science now shows that this massively carbon-based economy has pushed the biosphere out of its stable state that has supported human evolution for two million years.
Everyone is part of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about transport systems.
In developed countries, it is rare to hear so many complaints about water quality or bridge collapses.
Why do transport systems generate such complaints, why do they break down daily? Transportation engineers are simply incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental going on?
The traffic flow is the study of the movements of drivers and private vehicles between two points, and the interactions they exercise between them.
It is difficult to study the flow of traffic because the behaviour of drivers cannot be predicted with 100 % certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to act within a reasonable range; thus, traffic flows tend to have a reasonable consistency and can be represented mathematically approximatively.
To better represent the traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) the throughput, (2) the density and (3) the speed.
These relationships help to plan, design, and operate road infrastructure.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly enabled them to escape more easily from their enemies and to find more effectively food and companions.
Most insects have the advantage of being able to fold their wings along their bodies.
It gives them a greater number of small hiding places.
Today, only insects that cannot fold their wings are dragonflies and ephemerals.
There are some thousands of years ago, a man called Aristarchus said that the solar system moved around the Sun.
Some thought he was right, but many thought the opposite: that the solar system moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
It seems reasonable, because the Earth does not feel the slightest movement, is it not?
The Amazon River is the second longest and the largest river on Earth. It carries more than eight times the volume of water of the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the largest river in the world, reaching up to 10 km wide.
At least 20% of the water that falls from rivers on the planet into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
The main branch of the Amazon River is 6 387 km (3 980 miles). It collects the water of thousands of small rivers.
While the construction of pyramids in stone continued until the end of the Ancient Empire, the Great Pyramid of Gizeh never surpassed its size and the technical excellence of its construction.
Ancient Egyptians were amazed by the monuments of their predecessors, who had then been around for over a thousand years.
Vatican has around 800 inhabitants. It is the smallest country in the world, and the least populated.
The Vatican City drafts its legislation and official communications in Italian.
The Italian is also the everyday language used by most of the people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
The citizens of the Holy City of Rome are all Catholics.
From antiquity, people have been familiar with basic elements such as gold, silver and copper, because they are found in nature in the form of raw materials and are relatively simple to mine using primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, has theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
It was rather the four states of matter (in the same order) : solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also issued the theory that these latter would transform into new substances to form what we see.
Aluminium alloys are essentially a mixture of two or more metals. Remember that the periodic table contains many elements.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered as metals. Of course, there are also metals such as gold and silver.
There are also alloys which contain a small amount of non-metallic elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of minuscule particles called atoms.
The atoms are so small that billions of them could enter the period at the end of this sentence.
So, pencil was a good friend for many people when it was released.
Unfortunately, the appearance of new modes of writing has relegated the fountain pen to a more private status and to less frequent uses.
People now write messages on computers, without ever having to touch a pencil.
We can only wonder what the keyboard will become when the next new thing arrives.
The fission reactor operates on the principle that it assembles a nucleus of a myriad of protons and neutrons.
Like if you were to make a hill climb by a heavy cart. Dividing the core again, and then releasing a little of this energy.
Some atoms have a highly unstable nucleus, so they tend to break up with little or no pressure.
The moon's surface is made up of rocks and dust. Its outer layer is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km on the visible side and 100 km on the hidden side.
She is finer at sea level and thicker at the continents.
There may be more maria on the near side because the crust is thinner. It was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories are focused on the search for what makes people feel good or attracted.
The theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that have been internalized as they matured towards adulthood.
These theories examine what drives some people to want what they do and what, in their environment, drives them to do or not do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs and Herzberg's two-factor theory.
Generally speaking, two behaviours can emerge when a manager becomes the leader of former colleagues. From the extreme end of the spectrum being to try to stay 'the good friend' (or 'the good girlfriend').
A manager like this is not very good at taking difficult decisions, carrying out disciplinary actions, carrying out appraisals, and holding others responsible.
At the other end of the spectrum, one becomes a person who is unrecognizable, who feels that he/she must change everything that the group has created up to now and do things his/her way.
After all, the boss is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behaviour often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are subject to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual team members often function as the immediate contact point for their physical team.
They have often more autonomy than traditional team members because their teams can meet at different time zones, which may not be understood by their local management.
The presence of a real "invisible" team (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also an unique element of a virtual team.
The "invisible" team is the team of management to which each member reports. It sets standards for each of them.
Why would an organisation want to create a structure for learning? One of the objectives of implementing organisational learning concepts is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used in functional services of an organisation, creativity and ingenuity can be fully expressed.
In other words, the process of working together to overcome an obstacle can lead to a new innovative process to meet the needs of the customer.
Before an organisation is innovative, its leadership must create a culture of innovation, shared knowledge and its own learning culture.
Angel (2006) describes Continuum as a method used to help organisations achieve better results.
Neurobiological data provide material evidence for a theoretical approach to cognitive research. They allow therefore to reduce the research field and make it much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
We know for a long time that different types of damage, lesions, tumours and brain injuries affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
The rapid development of new technologies allows us to see and study brain structures and processes that have never been seen before.
It gives us a lot of information and material to build models of simulation that help us understand the processes in our mind.
Although Artificial Intelligence is often strongly connoted with science-fiction, it represents a very important part of computer science that studies the behavior, learning and adaptive intelligence of a machine.
The research in artificial intelligence aims at automating by machines tasks requiring an intelligent approach.
They include, for example, control, planning and programming, the ability to respond to diagnostics and customer questions, as well as recognition of writing, voice and face.
The practices have led to distinct disciplines, aimed at providing solutions to the daily problems of life.
The system of artificial intelligence is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and military affairs, as it was put into practice in several home computer software and video games.
Excursions are integral to any school class. Often, a teacher would like to take his students to places where a bus trip is not possible.
The solution is provided by the technology in the form of educational virtual objects. Pupils can watch the ancient objects of a museum, visit an aquarium, or admire a beautiful work of art while sitting at their class.
Participating practically to a trip is also a good way to think about a trip and to share your experiences with future generations.
For example, students from the Bennet School in North Carolina design each year a website dedicated to their visit to the capital of the state. Each year, the site is updated, but the old versions are kept online for use as an album.
Blogs can also help students improve their writing skills. Even if students often try the blog with poor grammar and spelling, having a public makes it more likely that the situation will improve.
As students are often the most critical public, the author of the blog is trying to improve his writing to avoid criticism.
In addition, blogging "forces students to better understand the world around them". The need to stimulate public interest encourages students to be intelligent and interesting (Toto, 2004).
Blogs are an important tool that stimulates collaboration and encourages students to extend their learning well beyond the traditional school day.
When used effectively, blogs can enable students to strengthen their analytical and critical thinking skills: by responding actively to online content, they can confront their own opinions with those of others and expose their own views on specific topics.
Ottawa is the charming capital bilingual of Canada and has a large number of art galleries and museums which highlight the past and present of Canada.
You will find more south the Niagara Falls and north, the Muskoka region and its environs which have a virgin natural beauty.
All these measures, and many more, make Ontario what the foreigners consider to be the quintessence of Canada.
A large number of northern regions are sparsely populated and some are almost uninhabited in the wild.
For a comparison of the population that is more than a surprise: There are more Afro-Americans living in the United States than Canadian citizens.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean, close to the African coast.
Madagascar is by far the largest country, and even a continent by itself, in terms of wildlife.
Most small islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and are known for being luxury beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam into the land and this religion has spread widely to the Comoros and Mayotte.
European influence and colonialism began in the 15th century, when Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route linking Europe to India.
North, the region is defined by the Sahara Desert, and to the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
To women: It is recommended that any woman who travels should say that she is married, regardless of her civil status.
It is also recommended to wear an alliance (which should not seem too precious.)
Women must realise that some cultural differences can lead to behaviours that they regard as harassment. It is common that they are followed, caught by the arm, etc.
Be firm in your refusal of advances, and be not afraid to hold on (cultural differences or not, that does not mean it is acceptable!)
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the tenth century BC, and was used by the Ptolemies, the Romans and the Medes as a strategic port called Anfa.
The Portuguese, who after it had been destroyed it had been rebuilt and named Casa Branca, finally abandoned it in 1755 after a quake.
The Moroccan Sultan rebuilt the city under the name of Daru l-Badya, and it was renamed Casablanca by the Spanish merchants who established trading posts there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places in all of Morocco for shopping.
Around the old town, you can easily find places where you can buy traditional Moroccan products, such as tajines, pottery, leather goods, and all sorts of jewellery, but it's all for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town located in the extreme east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the streets of the city, in particular the city centre.
While Goma is reasonably safe, all visits to the outside of Goma should be subject to searches to understand the state of the fighting in North Kivu province.
The city is also the starting point for the ascent of Nyiragongo volcano as well as for tracking gorillas in the mountains among the least expensive in Africa.
You can use boda-boda (motor taxi) to get around in Goma. The normal fare (local) is approximately 500 CFA francs for a small trip.
Combined with its relative inaccessibility, ‘Tombouctou’ has become a metaphor for distant and exotic countries.
Today, Tombouctou is a poor city, although its reputation as a tourist attraction makes it a popular destination, and it has an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List as a threatened site because of the threat of desert sands.
It was one of the main steps in the broadcast " Wonders of the African World " by Henry Louis Gates on the PBS.
The city contrasts strongly with the rest of the country, because it has a more Arab style than African.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is located in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the southern border is the Crocodile River." #
The total area of the park is 19 500 km2, divided into 14 ecozones, each of which contains a specific fauna.
This is one of the most famous South African National Parks and considered to be the jewel in the SANParks crown.
As for all South African national parks, there are daily entry and conservation fees.
It may be advantageous to purchase a Wild Card which gives access to some South African national parks, as well as all South African national parks.
The name of Hong Kong Island is given to the territory of Hong Kong and represents the main attraction for many tourists.
The row of skyscrapers that forms the horizon of Hong Kong is compared to a glittering bar chart, which is reflected in the waters of Victoria harbour.
To admire the most beautiful panoramas of Hong Kong, leave the island and head to Kowloon's front beach located in front.
The majority of the urban development of Hong Kong Island is concentrated on the north-facing terraces.
This is the place that the British colonists have invested. Thus, it seems to be a good starting-point, if you are looking for evidence of the colonial past of this region.
The Sundarbans are the world's largest mangrove forest belt, extending for 80 km (50 miles) from the coast to the back-country of Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans have been added to the World Heritage List. The forest area located on the Indian territory is called the Sundarbans National Park.
Forests, however, are not only composed of mangrove swamps: they also contain some of the last vestiges of the majestic jungles that covered the Ganges plain once.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3 850 km2, of which about one third is covered by water/wetlands.
Sundarbans is a nature reserve since 1966, you will find about 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 striped hyenas.
The buses leave the district bus station (located on the other side of the river) throughout the day, but most, especially those that serve the east and Jakar/Bumthang, leave between 6 and 7 a.m.
Inter-district buses are often full, so it is advisable to buy a ticket a few days in advance.
Most districts are served by small Japanese boats, which are comfortable and robust.
The shared taxis are a quick and comfortable way to get to places nearby, such as Paro (150 Nu) and Punakha (200 Nu).
The Oyapock Bridge is a suspension bridge. It rises above the Oyapock River to connect the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyapock in Guyane.
The two towers rise to a height of 83 metres; it is long of 378 metres and has two 3,50 m wide lanes.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 metres. The structure was completed in August 2011, but it was opened to traffic in March 2017.
The bridge should be fully operational by September 2017, when the Brazilian customs posts should be completed.
The Guaraní were the most important indigenous group living in what is now the eastern part of Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters and practising subsistence farming.
Other tribes of indigenous peoples who populated the Chaco, such as the Guaycurú or the Payaguá, survived mainly by fishing, hunting, or gathering.
In the 16th century, Paraguay, once called 'the giant province of the Indies', was born of the meeting between Spanish conquerors and indigenous peoples.
The Spanish inaugurated the period of colonization, which lasted three centuries.
From the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to retain a large part of its cultural and ethnic identity.
Argentina is well known for having one of the best teams and among the best players in polo in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on the polo fields of Las Cañitas.
In addition, smaller tournaments and matches are sometimes organised here at other times of the year.
For information on tournaments and places to buy tickets for polo matches, see the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of the Isle of Man is the Manx pound (FKP) which is equivalent to a pound sterling (GBP).
The money can be exchanged at the only bank on the island of Stanley, opposite the FIC West store.
The pound sterling is a widely accepted currency in the islands, while in Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are also often accepted.
Around the islands, credit cards will probably not be accepted, even though it is possible that the British and American currencies will be accepted. Talk to the owners in advance about a payment method.
It is almost impossible to exchange money from the Maldives outside the islands, so change it before you leave the islands.
Montevideo being located in the south of the Equator, the winter in the northern hemisphere corresponds to the summer there and vice-versa.
Montevideo is located in a subtropical zone and summer temperatures exceeding 30 °C are common.
The winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely fall below zero, but wind and humidity combine to give the impression that it is colder than what the thermometer says.
There is no real season of ‘rainy’ and ‘dry’: the rain is pretty much constant all year round.
While many of the animals in the park are accustomed to seeing humans, they are still wild animals; please do not feed them or disturb them.
According to the authorities of the park, it is necessary to stand at least 100 metres from wolves and bears and at least 25 metres from all other wild animals!
As docile as they may appear, the bison, the eagle, the moose, the bear and almost all the great animals can attack.
Each year hundreds of visitors are injured because they did not keep a sufficient distance. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so give them some space.
In addition, know that odours attract wild animals, so avoid carrying or cooking odours and keep the camp clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a little less than 40 000 inhabitants.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and is the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The port was the site of a tragic naval standoff in 1889 when seven German, US and British ships refused to leave the port.
All ships were sunk, except for a British cruiser. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
The Supreme Head Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III was assassinated during a peaceful gathering in the city, during the Mau struggle for independence.
The beaches are numerous, because Auckland is on the border of two ports. The most popular ones are in three zones.
The North Shore beaches lie on the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Bay north to Devonport south.
Most of the beaches are sandy and allow safe swimming, and most are shaded by the Pohutukawa.
The beaches of Tamaki Drive are located on the Waitemata Harbour, in the chic suburb of Mission Bay and in the centre of Auckland.
These beaches, sometimes very frequented by families, have many shops along the coast. Swimming is safe there.
The main local beer is the ‘Number One’, a rather ordinary beer, but tasty and refreshing. There is also another local beer, the ‘Manta’.
There are many French wines to taste, but New Zealand and Australian wines will travel better.
You can drink the tap water locally without any danger, but you can easily find bottled water if you have any concerns about it.
For Australians, the idea of a ‘coffee cream’ is foreign. A short black is an ‘espresso’, a cappuccino is filled with cream (not foam) and tea is served without milk.
Hot chocolate is Belgian standard. Fruit juices are expensive but excellent.
Many voyages on the reef are made throughout the year, and injuries caused by one of these causes on the reef are rare.
Nevertheless, obey all signs and pay particular attention to safety warnings.
From October to April, north of 1770, the box jellyfish arrive near the beaches and estuaries of rivers. They can also sometimes be seen outside of this period.
Sharks exist, but they rarely attack humans. Most of them are afraid of humans and would run away.
Salmon crocodiles do not live in the sea, their main habitat is in estuaries of rivers north of Rockhampton.
Booking in advance gives the traveller the peace of mind of knowing that he will have somewhere to sleep once he arrives at destination.
Travel agents often have agreements with specific hotels, but you can also book through travel agents of other types of accommodation, such as camping sites.
Travel agencies typically offer packages including breakfast, airport transfers or even packages combining flights and accommodation.
They can also take a reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or to procure other documents necessary for your destination (for example, a visa).
Any amendment or request must, however, be submitted to the travel agent first and not directly to the hotel.
At some music festivals, most participants decide to camp, and most consider that this is an integral part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the musical event, you will have to arrive early to find a good camping site.
Don't forget that even if the music concerts are over on the main stages, other music concerts can continue until late at night on other sites of the festival.
Some festivals have special family camping areas.
If you cross the north of the Baltic in winter, be sure to check the location of the hut, as the crossing of the ice may cause unbearable noises at the most exposed huts.
Cruise ships visiting St Petersburg include time spent in the city. Passengers on cruise ships are exempt from visa requirements (see the conditions).
Casinos generally make a lot of efforts to maximise the time and money spent by customers. There are rarely windows and clocks, and exits can be difficult to spot.
They usually offer special offers of food, drinks and entertainment in order to keep the guests happy and to keep them there.
On some sites, it is the premises that offer free alcoholic beverages. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good players should know that it is crucial to remain sober.
Anyone who travels to high latitudes or crosses mountains must consider the possibility of snow, ice or cold temperatures.
On the icy roads and snowy roads, friction is low and you cannot drive like you were on the asphalt.
In the blizzards, it can fall in a very short time enough snow to block you.
The visibility can also be limited by snow or sleet or by condensation or ice on the windows of vehicles.
In addition, the presence of ice and snow is normal in many countries, and the traffic is practically continuous all year round.
Safaris are perhaps the most popular tourist attraction in Africa and the most memorable moment for many visitors.
In everyday language, the term ‘safari’ refers to an excursion on the African continent, and in particular to a safari in the savanna, with the aim of witnessing the spectacular spectacle of wild animals in their natural habitat.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach close to cars and standard equipment makes it possible to observe them well.
The lions, the leopards and the elephants are sometimes timid and you will see them better with binoculars.
A walking safari (also known as ‘walking in the bush’, ‘walking safari’ or ‘footing’) consists of walking, either for a few hours, or for several days.
The Paralympics will take place from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will take place in other locations throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Summer Olympic Games, after hosting the Games in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the announcement of the delay, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
The cancellation policies vary, but from mid-March, most cancellation policies based on the coronavirus do not extend to July 2020, the date on which the Olympic Games had been scheduled.
We expect that most events tickets will cost between EUR 2 500 and EUR 130 000, with typical tickets costing around EUR 7 000.
Wringing out wet clothes can make them dry more quickly. Many hotels have irons and ironing boards available, even if there aren't in the rooms. 
If you don't have a iron or if you don't want to wear ironed socks, you can try using a hairdryer, if you find one.
Avoid letting the fabric overheat (which can cause it to shrink or in extreme cases, to burn it).
There are different methods of purification of water, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some areas, it is enough to boil the water for a minute; in others, it is necessary to boil it for several minutes. 
The effectiveness of filters varies, and if you have a problem, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter dangerous animals they do not know in their region of origin.
Parasites can contaminate food, cause irritations or, in the most serious cases, cause allergic reactions, spread venom or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals that can wound or kill people by force, are usually not considered parasites.
In some areas, duty-free shops present an opportunity to buy goods exempt from taxes and duties.
Travellers to destinations where taxes are high can sometimes make substantial savings, in particular on alcoholic beverages or tobacco. 
The section between Point Marion and Fairmont presents the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, passing frequently through isolated backcountry.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, keep your eyes open: the steep gradients, narrow roads and tight bends predominate.
The speed limits displayed are considerably lower than in the previous and following sections - usually between 35 and 40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and stricter enforcement is still more important than before.
On the other hand, mobile phone service is surprisingly much stronger here than on many other parts of the road, for example the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German cakes are rather good, and in Bavaria, they are very rich and varied, similar to those of their southern neighbour, Austria.
Fruit cakes are a tradition: plums are baked and cooked in cakes all year round, whilst cherries and plums are on the point of appearing in summer.
Many German bakery products contain also almonds, walnuts and other nuts. Popular cakes are often particularly well suited to a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small but tasty Berliners, try the Berliners, also called Pfannkuchen or Krapfen, according to regions.
A curry is a dish made up of spices and herbs, accompanied by meat or vegetables.
A curry dish can be'solid' or 'liquid', depending on the amount of sauce it contains. 
In the interior regions of India and Pakistan, yogurt is commonly used in curries; in the south of India and some other coastal regions of the subcontinent, coconut milk is commonly used.
Indonesia having 17 000 islands, Indonesian cuisine is a generic term that covers a wide variety of regional cuisines present in all of the country.
However, when this term is used without any other qualification, it tends to refer to food originating from the central and eastern parts of the island of Java.
Now, widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine offers a wide range of simple dishes, the predominant flavours being the cashews, the peppers, the sugar (especially the coconut sugar of Java) and various aromatic spices.
The stirrups are the supports for the feet of the rider, which hang from each side of the saddle.
They offer greater stability to the user, but they may pose a security problem: in fact, the user's feet may be trapped there.
If a rider is thrown from a horse, but has a leg caught in the stirrup, he could be dragged if the horse escapes. To minimise this risk, a number of safety measures can be taken.
Firstly, most horses wear riding boots with a flat sole and a narrow heel.
Then, some saddles, in particular English saddles, have safety bars which allow a rider to fall off the saddle if the rider is pulled back by a falling rider.
Valley of Cochamó – The excellence destination for rock climbing in Chile, known as the Yosemite of South America, with many different granite faces and cliffs.
From the top of the mountains, the panoramas are spectacular. The mountaineers of the world are discovering new routes on the slopes, where the possibilities are limitless. 
Skiing downhill, in particular skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that consist in sliding down a snowy slope with skis or snowboards attached to the feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity which has many enthusiasts, sometimes called'ski bums', who organise their entire holidays around skiing in specific places.
The idea of skiing is very ancient: some prehistoric paintings show skiers for some time ago.
Skiing as a sport has been practised at least since the 16th century; the first ski club in a recreational sense was founded in 1861 in Australia by Norwegians.
Skiing: this activity is also called Nordic skiing, cross-country skiing or hiking skiing.
It resembles alpine skiing, as well as alpine climbing, but does not include these activities, which are practiced on rocky terrain and require the use of skis and boots much stiffer than those used in alpine skiing.
Think of skiing as a similar type of hiking route.
In good conditions, you can cover a little more distance than on foot - but you will never reach the speeds of skiing without a heavy pack on a muddy slope.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but containing several independent countries. In classic circumstances, travelling through several countries involves the need to make several visa and passport checks.
The Schengen area, however, works a little bit like one country in this regard.
As long as you remain in this area, you can usually cross the borders without going through passport control points.
In addition, having a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply separately for each of the Member States of the Schengen area, which enables you to save time, money and administrative formalities.
There is no universal definition of what constitutes an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as antiquities.
The criteria vary according to where you are located; in some parts of the world, like in North America, the age limit can be lower than that in force in Europe. 
Artisanal products can be regarded as antiquities even if they are less ancient than similar industrial products.
Ranging reindeer herding is an important means of subsistence for Samis and the culture surrounding this trade is of great importance to many other professions.
Even if, according to tradition, all Samis did not engage in large scale reindeer herding, they lived off fishing, hunting and other similar activities, and used reindeer mainly as livestock.
Today, many Samis practice modern occupations. Tourism is an important source of income in Lapland, the Sami region.
While widely used, in particular among non-Romas, the term 'Gitan' is often considered to be pejorative due to its association with negative stereotypes and an unfair image of the Roma people.
If the country in which you travel is subject to a travel warning issued by your government, your travel insurance abroad or your travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult other governments, but their advice is tailored to their citizens.
As an example, American citizens in the Middle East could face different situations from those of Europeans or Arabs.
The opinions are only a brief summary of the political situation of a country.
The opinions presented are often superficial, general and too simplistic in comparison with the more detailed information available elsewhere.
The violent weather is the generic term for all dangerous weather phenomena that may cause damage, social disruption or loss of life.
Very adverse weather conditions can occur anywhere in the world, and they can be of several kinds, depending on geographical features, topographical features and meteorological conditions.
Violent winds, hail, excessive precipitation and fires are forms and effects of violent weather, just as tornadoes, hurricanes, typhoons and cyclones are.
Extreme weather phenomena, regional and seasonal, include cold weather, snowstorms with violent winds, and sandstorms or dust storms.
It is strongly advised that travellers should check the weather forecast for their destination region, knowing that it may have an impact on their travel plans.
Anyone considering travelling to a country which could be considered a war zone should receive a vocational training.
A search on the Internet for ‘Environmental hostile courses’ will probably bring up the address of a local business.
A course will cover the topics raised here in much more detail, usually with a practical experience.
A training usually lasts for 2 to 5 days and includes role playing, lots of first aid, and sometimes a training in the use of weapons.
Wildlife books and magazines are commonplace, but war-related publications are scarce.
Travellers planning to undergo a gender reassignment abroad should ensure that they have valid travel documents for their return journey.
The will of governments to issue passports with the gender of the applicant (X) or to update documents to reflect the applicant's name and sex wishes varies.
The foreign governments' willingness to honour these documents is as variable as the weather.
Security checkpoints have also become much more intrusive in the era of post-11 September 2001.
Transgender people in the pre-operative phase should not be expected to pass the scanners in order to preserve their privacy and dignity.
The shore breakers are the waves that return from the breakers that break on the beach, often on a reef or equivalent.
Because of the underwater topography, the return flow is concentrated on a few deeper sections, and a fast-flowing current can form in the deep waters.
In most cases, deaths are due to exhaustion which results from attempting to swim against the current, which can be impossible.
When you get out of the current, it is not difficult to get back into the water.
You may try to aim at a place where you will not be caught again. It is also possible that, depending on your skills and whether you have been spotted or not, you may want to wait for help.
The adjustment shock occurs earlier than the adjustment shock (the honeymoon phase is shorter), lasts longer and is more severe.
Travellers who have had difficulty adapting to the new culture have sometimes a lot of difficulty adapting to their own culture of origin.
When you return home after living abroad, you have already adapted to the new culture and have lost some of your native culture's habits.
At first, when you went abroad, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country must adapt.
People may not be anticipating that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers and travellers returning home.
The light and sound show at the Pyramid is one of the most interesting attractions in the region for children.
You can see the pyramids in the darkness and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
Often, we hear the sound of tourists and hawkers. The history of sound and light is like a history book.
The Sphinx is placed as the backdrop and the narrator of a long history.
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit.
The Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the largest number of research stations and six of them are active in 2020.
The archipelago is 120 km north of the mainland. The island of King George, with the village of Villa Las Estrellas, is the largest.
Other examples: Livingston Island and the disappointment, where the active caldera of a still-active volcano offers a spectacular natural harbour.
Ellsworth Land is the eastern side of the peninsula, bounded by Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the peninsula are melted into the plateau, then reappear to form the Ellsworth Mountains, which run for 360 km and pass through the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern chain, or Sentinel, contains the highest mountains of Antarctica, the Vinson Massif, which stands at 4892 m.
In remote areas, without cellular telephony network, you may not have other choice than satellite telephony.
A satellite phone does not replace a mobile phone, because you need to be outside and have a clear view of the satellite to make a call.
It is a service often used by navigation, including boats, as well as by expeditions that have data transmission needs and telephony.
Your local telecommunications operator should be able to tell you more about the connection to this service.
These people who plan a year off have the opportunity to learn by travelling, and more and more of them choose this option.
This formula is particularly popular among young people who leave school, because it allows them to take a year off before university, without compromising their studies.
Often, having taken a year off to study abroad can actually give you better chances of going to university in your country.
Generally, you have to pay fees to take these educational programmes.
Finland is a popular destination for sailing. The 'Land of the thousand lakes' also has thousands of islands, in lakes and in archipelagos coastal.
You do not necessarily need a yacht in the archipelagoes and lakes.
While the archipelago coasts and the largest lakes are actually quite large for a boat, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
Sailing is a national pastime in Finland, with one boat for seven or eight people.
Norway, Sweden and New Zealand are in the same situation, but apart from that, it is a unique case (in the Netherlands, for example, the number is one to forty).
Most cruises on the Baltic Sea last for several days in St Petersburg, in Russia.
It means you can visit the historic city for a few days, all day, and then come back to sleep on the boat at night.
If you do not travel to the ground with cruise excursions, you will not need a separate visa (from 2009).
The city of Berlin, in Germany, is mentioned in some brochures for cruises. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is not at all located near the sea and no visit to this city is included in the cruise price. 
Travelling by air can be a terrifying experience for all ages and from all backgrounds, particularly if they have never flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
Don't be ashamed: it's not different from personal fears and fears that many people have about other things.
For some, understanding something about the workings of aircraft and what is going on during a flight can help to overcome an unknown fear or the feeling of not having control.
The transport companies are well paid to deliver goods quickly. Often, in an urgent repair, the question of time is crucial for documents, goods or spare parts that relate to them.
On some roads, large companies have their own aircraft, but on other roads and for small companies, there was a problem.
If they had sent goods by air freight, on some routes, it would have taken days to clear customs and to unload the goods.
The only way to do it faster was to send it as registered baggage. The aviation regulations will not allow them to send a bag without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The easiest way to travel first class or business class is to pay a large sum of money for this privilege (or, better still, ask your company to do it for you).
However, this is not cheap: generally you can expect to pay up to four times the normal fare for economy class, and eleven times for first class!
Generally, it is pointless to try to obtain discounts for business class or first class seats on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know very well that they can count on a certain type of passengers who are willing to pay very high prices for the privileges of speed and comfort, and they set their prices in good faith.
The capital of the Republic of Moldova is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is very common.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic republic that is suffering from ethnic conflicts.
In 1994, this conflict resulted in the creation of the self-proclaimed Republic of Transnistria in the eastern part of Moldova, with its own government and currency, but recognized by no Member State of the United Nations.
Economic links have been restored between these two parts of Moldova despite the failure of political negotiations.
The main religion in Moldova is Eastern Orthodox Christianity.
With a population of 3,7 million, Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey, the second port after Istanbul, and a good platform for correspondence.
What was once the ancient city of Smyrna is now a modern commercial centre, developed and vibrant, located around an enormous bay, surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, the glass-fronted buildings and modern shopping centres are dotted with traditional red tiled roofs, the 17th century market, and old mosques and churches, although the city has a Mediterranean atmosphere that recalls more Europe than the traditional Turkish city.
Haldarsvík is a small village on the island of Eysturoy, which is unusual in that it has an octagonal church.
In the cemetery, there are interesting marble sculptures depicting doves on some graves.
It is worth walking for half an hour in this fascinating village.
The romantic and fascinating town of Sintra, located north, is easily accessible and has been made famous to foreigners by the vivid account of its splendour that it has made by Lord Byron.
The bus 403 from Scotturb travels regularly to Sintra, with a stop at Cape Roca.
Going north, do not miss out on visiting the beautiful Fatima shrine (church), a world-famous place for the appearances of Mary.
Don't forget that you are visiting a mass grave, as well as a site that has a very significant meaning for a large part of the world's population.
There are still many women and men alive who survived their stay here, and many others who saw their loved ones murdered or killed by forced labour, Jews or not Jews in any case.
Please treat the site with all the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Don't make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Do not spoil the site by defacing or scratching graffiti on the structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the inhabitants prefer to speak Catalan, a large majority understands it, and almost everyone is able to speak Spanish.
However, most of the signs are only in Catalan, because the law establishes that it is the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other installations.
Regular announcements in the metro are made only in Catalan, but unforeseen disruptions are announced by an automated system in many languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
The Parisians have a reputation for being egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Although this stereotype is often inaccurate, the best way to get along in Paris is to behave well, act like someone of good manners. This will greatly facilitate your travels.
The abrupt exteriors of Parisians disappear quickly if you show a minimum of courtesy.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is densely wooded, mainly of beech, pine and oak, and presents a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
The country has a great variety of plant communities due to the diversity of its microclimates, its soils and its altitudes.
The region also houses a very wide variety of animal and bird species.
Rare species such as the European brown bear, wolf, owl, lynx, wild cat, and the great tit can be seen there, as well as many common species.
When they visit a monastery, women must cover their knees and have their shoulders covered as well.
Most monasteries provide shawls to women who arrive without anything, but if you bring your own shawl, and it is brightly coloured, you will get a smile from the monk or nun at the entrance.
As for men, trousers must cover the knees.
You can also borrow this dress from the stock at the entrance, but as it is not washed after each use, it may be that you did not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. A size-one for men!
Majorcan cooking, like that of similar Mediterranean regions, is based on bread, vegetables and meat (mainly pork), and relies on olive oil.
A simple and popular dinner, especially in summer, is the Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomato and all the condiments available, such as cheese, tuna, etc.
All names, followed by the word Sie which means you, always begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
It is an excellent way of distinguishing between some verbs and objects.
It can also be said that it facilitates reading, although writing is somewhat complicated by the need to know whether a verb or an adjective is used substantively.
The pronunciation is fairly easy in Italian, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The most important letters to monitor are c and g, because their pronunciation varies depending on the following vowel.
Please also ensure that you pronounce 'r' and 'rr' distinctly: 'caro' means 'dear', while 'carro' means 'cart'.
The Persian has a fairly easy grammar and most of the time regular.
In other words, the reading of this introduction to Persian grammar would help you to learn a lot about Persian grammar and better understand the phrases.
It is obvious that if you know a Romance language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
However, those who speak a little Spanish might conclude rashly that the Portuguese is sufficiently close to Spanish to be studied separately.
Premodern observatories are generally obsolete today, and remain as museums or educational sites.
As pollution from light at that time was not as serious as it is today, they are usually located in cities or on campuses, easier to access than those built at the time of the modern era.
Modern astronomical research telescopes are huge infrastructures placed in remote regions where the conditions are favourable.
Hanami, the Japanese tradition of viewing the cherry blossoms, is part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
The concept came from China where plum blossoms were the favourite flower.
In Japan, the first Cherry Blossom Festivals were organised by the Emperor only for himself and his closest aristocratic associates around the Imperial Court.
Plants are most beautiful when they are in a natural environment, resist the temptation to take just one.
If you visit a strictly landscaped garden, the collection of ‘specimens’ will also make you evicted without discussion.
Singapore is generally regarded as an extremely safe place, where it is very easy to move around, and where you can buy almost everything you need once you arrive there.
But, located in the 'high latitudes' at only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to adapt to the heat (always) and to strong sunlight (when the sky is clear, which is more rare).
There are also some buses that go north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives.
Verify that the bus you are considering taking will take you to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good theme for holidays.
For example, visit castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or take a cruise to interesting sites along the Danube or on the Erie Canal.
They also define popular cycling routes and mountain bike trails.
Christmas is one of the most important Christian festivals, it celebrates the birth of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with these festivals have also been adopted by non-believers in Christian countries and by non-believers throughout the world.
It is customary to spend Easter awake in a place exposed to the sun to see the sunrise.
Of course there are Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could well be that it is a pre-Christian spring ritual and fertility ritual.
Traditional churches often hold a Easter vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, often breaking into the party at midnight to celebrate the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that arrived on these islands originated by water, swimming or on board floating objects, or by air.
Because of the great distance between them and the continent, the mammoths could not complete their journey, making the giant tortoise the main animal of pasture on the Galapagos.
Since the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced, including cattle, horses, cows, sheep, rats, cats and dogs.
If you visit the arctic or antarctic regions in winter, you will discover the night polar night, during which the sun does not rise above the horizon.
It is a good opportunity to admire the auroras, because the sky will be overcast almost all day.
As regions are sparsely populated, and that light pollution is therefore rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
The Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than that which Westerners can be accustomed to.
The costumes are classic workwear, and staff are called by their family name or by their job title.
Workplace harmony is crucial, because it puts the emphasis on collective effort rather than praising individual achievements.
Workers must often obtain the agreement of their superiors for any decision they take and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without asking questions.
