We now have mice of 4 months who are not diabetic, whereas they were previously.
Dr Ehud Ur, a professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and president of the clinical and scientific division of the Canadian Diabetes Association, warned that the research was still in its infancy.
Like other experts he is sceptical about the possibility of curing diabetes, pointing out that these results are not applicable to people already suffering from type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, during a radio programme on Sveriges Radio, in Sweden, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Literature Committee of the Swedish Academy, announced publicly that the committee had decided to drop its attempt to contact Bob Dylan about the Nobel Prize for Literature 2016.
Danius said: "At the moment we are not doing anything. I have called and sent emails to his closest colleague and I have received very friendly responses. At the moment, it is certainly sufficient.
In the past, Ring's CEO, Jamie Siminoff, noted that he launched the company when his doorbell was not audible from his garage.
He said he had designed a Wi-Fi doorbell.
M. Siminoff said that sales had increased after his appearance in 2013 in a Shark Tank episode in which the panel of the show refused to fund the start-up.
Siminoff appeared on QVC in 2017.
Ring also settled a case with a competing security company, ADT Corporation.
Even if an experimental vaccine appears to so far be able to reduce the rate of Ebola mortality, no cure has yet been sufficiently effective to treat the existing infection.
Although the administration of a cocktail of antibodies, ZMapp, had initially shown promising signs on the battlefield, formal studies have shown that its ability to limit deaths did not meet expectations.
In PALM, the ZMapp was used as a reference, which means that the scientists used it as a basis for comparison and compared it to the three other treatments.
The American Federation of Gymnastics supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and accepts the absolute necessity of the Olympic family to promote a safe environment for all our athletes.
We are in agreement with the UOC's (United States Olympic Committee) statement that our athletes and clubs, as well as their sport, could be better served by going forward and making substantive changes within our organisation, rather than revoking accreditation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shine a light on how the courageous description of the abuse described by survivors of Larry Nassar could have passed unnoticed for so long and adopts any necessary and appropriate change.
USA Gymnastics and the USOC share the same goal: to make gymnastics, as well as other sports, as safe as possible so that athletes can pursue their dreams in a safe, positive and responsible environment.
From the 1960s onwards, Brzezinski worked for John F. Kennedy as a consultant, then for the Johnson administration.
In 1976 he advised Carter on foreign policy, then served as National Security Advisor (NSA) from 1977 to 1981, succeeding to Henry Kissinger.
He was a member of the National Security Agency from 1977 to 1981, helping Carter to resolve international issues such as the Camp David Accords, in 1978, the normalisation of relations between the United States and China at the end of the 1970s, the Iranian revolution and its consequences as the Iran hostage crisis, in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, in 1979.
The film, with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone, has received nominations in all the major categories.
Golsling and Stone have been nominated for the Best Actor and Best Actress.
In addition to the other nominations, there are those of the best film, the best director, the best cinematography, the best costumes, the best editing, the best music, the best set design, the best sound mixing, the best sound editing and the best original screenplay.
Two songs from the film, Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, have been nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate has received 26 nominations — more than any other studio.
On Sunday, the US president Donald Trump, through his press secretary, announced that the US troops would be withdrawing from Syria.
The announcement was made after Mr Trump had a telephone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Turkey would also take in charge the detention of ISIS fighters captured by the EU which, according to the statement, the EU has refused to return.
It confirms not only that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, a theory already very widespread, but provides details that the fossils cannot usually provide, such as the colour and the arrangement of the three-dimensional shape.
Scientists say that the plumage of this bird was brown-chestnut on the top and pale or carotenoid on the bottom.
This discovery also helps us to better understand the evolution of the feathers in birds.
Because dinosaur feathers do not have a fully developed root, they are called tails, but they also show other characteristics that are typical of feathers – bristles and barbs – the researchers have concluded that the tail was probably an evolutionary development later on.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used in flight but rather for regulation or display of temperature. The researchers have suggested that even if it is the tail of a young dinosaur, the sample shows an adult plumage and not the feathers of a chick.
The scientists say it is certainly a juvenile tail, but the sample reveals a plumage belonging to an adult, and not to a juvenile.
A car bomb exploded at the headquarters of the police in Gaziantep, Turkey, yesterday morning, killing two police officers and injuring more than twenty others.
The governor's office said that nineteen of the injured were police officers.
The police have said they suspect a suspected Daesh (EI) militant as the suspect behind this attack.
They found that the Sun operated on the same basic principles as other stars. The activity of all stars in the system is determined by their luminosity, their rotation and nothing else.
The luminosity and rotation are used together to determine the number of Rossby wavelengths of an object, which is related to the plasma flow.
In terms of magnetic reversals, the smaller the number of Rossby, the less active the star is.
On his trip, Iwasaki had a number of problems at many occasions.
He was stolen by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates at both 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz frequencies.
This will allow backward compatibility with 802.11a, b and g, subject to the station having two radios.
The Wi-Fi 802.11n standard is significantly faster than its predecessors, with a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbit/s.
Duvall, who is married and has two adult children, did not impress Miller, who had the story retold.
When asked to comment, Miller said: 'Mike speaks a lot during the hearing... I was preparing, so I didn't really hear what he was saying'.
The Commission will strive to reduce CO2 emissions per unit of GDP substantially by 2020 compared to 2005 levels.
He did not give a figure for these cuts, saying that they would be based on Chinese economic production.
Hu has encouraged developing countries to "avoid the old method of polluting first and then cleaning afterwards.
He added that "on should not expect them to assume obligations which exceed their development stage, their responsibility and their capacity.
The Iraq Study Group report was presented today at 12 noon GMT.
He warns that no one can guarantee that any action in Iraq at this stage will end sectarian violence, increase in violence or lead to chaos.
The report opens with an open call for a public debate and for the formation of a consensus in the United States on Middle East policy.
The report is very critical of almost all aspects of the current government's policy towards Iraq and urges a change of direction immediately.
The first of its 78 recommendations is that a new diplomatic initiative should be taken before the end of the year to secure Iraq's borders against hostile interventions and to restore diplomatic relations with its neighbours.
Argentine's current Senator and First Lady Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her presidential candidacy, tonight, in La Plata, a city located 50 kilometres (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Ms Kirchner has announced her intention to stand for the presidency at the Argentine Theatre, the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the Buenos Aires province delegation.
The debate was triggered by the controversy over aid to the victims of Hurricane Katrina; some conservatives in the budgetary area have called it "Bush's New Orleans Accord.
Liberal critics on the reconstruction effort have concentrated on awarding contracts to people perceived as Washington insiders.
More than 4 million people have travelled to Rome to attend the funeral.
Because of the large number of people present, it was not possible for everyone to attend the funeral on the Piazza San Pietro.
A number of large screens have been installed in various places in Rome to allow people to watch the ceremony.
In many other cities in Italy and elsewhere, in particular in Poland, similar installations have been completed and have been seen by a large number of people.
Historically, historians have criticised the FBI for concentrating resources on easy cases, particularly stolen cars, with the intention of increasing the agency's success rate.
The Congress has launched the funding of the initiative against pornography during the 2005 budget year, while also specifying that the FBI was planning to allocate ten agents to the fight against adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the highest score of the matches, 70 points in only 41 balls, hitting 11 times four runs and 2 times six runs.
The average order taker, Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, have done well and have scored a century together.
But after losing the captain's box, India did not sail a single race and lost seven boxes until the end of the race.
The US President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on 16 November, beginning a week-long tour of Asia.
He was welcomed by Wong Kan Seng, the vice-premier of Singapore, and discussed trade and terrorism with Lee Hsien Loong, the Prime Minister of Singapore.
After seven days of electoral defeats in mid-term elections, President Bush has made a proposal to expand trade in Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has agreed to send the "Air Quality Act" from the government to a multi-party committee for review, before its second reading, after a 25 minute meeting with NDP Leader Jack Layton at the CPM.
Layton had asked for changes to the environmental law bill, which the Conservatives had introduced, during the meeting with the prime minister, asking for a "full and thorough reworking" of the Conservatives' environmental law bill.
And since then the federal government has taken the lead in funding the Mersey Hospital in Devonport, Tasmania. The government of state and some parliamentarians have described this act as a farce at the approach of the federal election in November.
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that this bill was aimed only at avoiding that the hospitals in Tasmania were declassed by the government, giving 45 million dollars more.
According to the latest bulletin, sea level records indicate that a tsunami occurred. A specific tsunami event was recorded near Pago Pago and Niue.
No serious damage or injury has been reported to Tonga, but electricity has been temporarily cut off, which would have prevented the authorities from receiving the tsunami alert issued by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre.
Hawaii's 14 schools located on or near the coast were closed all day on Wednesday despite the lifting of alerts.
The US President George W. Bush welcomed this announcement with satisfaction.
The spokesman for Bush, Gordon Johndroe, described North Korea's promise as "a major step towards the verifiable denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula.
The subtropical storm Jerry, 10th storm of the season to bear a name, has appeared today in the Atlantic Ocean.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) says that at this stage Jerry does not represent any threat to land.
According to the US Corps of Engineers, a six-inch rainfall could open a crack in the dams previously damaged.
The ninth district, which has suffered flooding of 20 feet, is currently under water up to the size because the neighbouring levee has been overtopped.
The water flows over the embankment in a section of 100 feet wide.
On the Wikinews front, Adam Cuerden, the director of Commons, expressed his frustration at the removals that had been made.
« He [Wales] lied to us from the outset. First he claimed to have legal reasons, then he pretended to listen to us until he had removed his work. »
The anger of the community has led to the current efforts to design a sexual content policy for the site which hosts millions of free media.
The work done was mainly theoretical, but the programme was written to simulate the observations made of the Sagittarius galaxy.
The effect sought would be caused by the tidal forces between the dark matter of the galaxy and the dark matter of the Milky Way.
As the moon exerts a pull on the earth, causing tides, the Milky Way exerts a force on the Sagittarius galaxy.
Scientists have concluded that matter black affects other matter blacks in the same way as matter normal.
According to this theory, most of the matter in the universe is in a kind of halo, and is made up of a large number of small particles.
Television reports show white smoke coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents of the area to stay inside, to turn off the air conditioners and not to drink the tap water.
According to the Japanese nuclear agency, radioactive cesium and iodine have been identified at the nuclear power plant.
The authorities assume that this means that the uranium fuel reservoir on the site would have cracks and leaks.
Dr Tony Moll has discovered multi-resistant tuberculosis (TB-MR) in the South African region of KwaZulu-Natal.
In an interview he said that the new mutation was "very troubling and alarming" because of the high mortality rate.
Some patients would have contracted the virus at the hospital, according to Dr Moll, and at least two of them were part of the hospital staff.
In a year, one person can infect up to 15 close contacts.
However, the TB-UR rate in the overall TB group appears still low; 6 000 people on a total of 330 000 have been infected at one time in South Africa.
The satellites, each weighing 450 kg and moving at about 28,000 km/h, collided at 790 km above the Earth.
The scientists say that the explosion caused by the collision was massive.
We are still trying to determine the extent of the accident and how the Earth will be affected.
The US Strategic Command's Strategic Debris Office follows debris.
The results of the analysis will be published on a public website.
A pediatric hospitalist in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was charged with murder with aggravating circumstances after his mother was found dead in the trunk of her car Wednesday, according to authorities in Ohio.
Dr Malar Balasubramanian, 29, was found lying on the road, in Blue Ash, in the Ohio, a suburb located about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He was wearing a T-shirt and underwear, in an apparently very drugged state.
She directed the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue which was 500 feet away.
They found Saroja Balasubramanian's body covered in blood-stained blankets.
The police said that it appeared that the body had been there for some time.
The first cases of this seasonal disease were reported in July.
The pigs carry the disease, which is then transmitted to man by mosquitoes.
The outbreak has prompted the Indian government to take such measures as the deployment of pig collectors in the affected areas, the distribution of thousands of mosquito nets and the spraying of pesticides.
A number of millions of vaccine vials have also been promised by the government, which will help to prepare the health authorities for next year.
The vaccine deliveries in the most affected areas this year have been delayed due to the lack of funds and the low priority given to these diseases compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Sławomir settled in Sweden, where three years later he began working for the Swedish post for becoming its engraver-in-chief.
He produced more than 1000 stamps for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is of such a high quality and detail that it is one of the few well-known stamp collectors in the "mainstream" public. Some stamp collectors devote their attention exclusively to his works.
His 1000th stamp was the magnificent "Great Deeds by Swedish Kings" by David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl in 2000, which was included in the Guinness Book of Records.
He also made banknotes for many countries. Among recent examples of his work, one can mention the portraits of Prime Minister on the reverse of new Canadian $5 and $100 bills.
Following the accident Gibson was taken to hospital, but died shortly afterwards.
The driver of the truck, aged 64, was not injured in the accident.
The vehicle itself was taken from the scene of the accident at 12 o'clock GMT the same day.
A nearby garage employee said: "there were children who were looking for a way through the road, and they were crying and wailing.
They all ran back from the place where the accident had occurred.
In addition to other issues on the agenda at Bali, there is the preservation of the last forests on the planet and the sharing of technologies to help developing countries to pursue their growth in a less polluting manner.
The United Nations also hopes to finalise a fund to help countries affected by climate change to deal with the impacts.
The money could be re-directed into flood-resistant housing, better water management and diversification of crops.
Fluke wrote that some attempts to prevent women from talking about their health have failed.
She arrived at this conclusion thanks to the many positive and encouraging comments she has received from both women and men on the importance of considering contraception as a necessity.
After the fight was stopped, the injured were taken to the infirmary, about 40 of the remaining prisoners remained in the court, refusing to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to rectify the situation, but the prisoners' requests are not clear.
At 22 h 00 and 23 h 00 MDT, prisoners lit a fire in the courtyard.
In the near future, riot policemen equipped with anti-riot equipment entered the court and immobilised the prisoners with tear gas.
The fire brigade finally extinguished the fire at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, the seasonal floods that were supposed to dump sediments into the river were stopped.
This sand was necessary for the creation of sand dunes and beaches, which served as habitats for the fauna.
In consequence, two species of fish have disappeared and two others are in the process of disappearing, including the pike-perch.
While the level of the sea will only rise a few metres after the flood, the authorities hope that this will be enough to restore the eroded sand banks in the rear.
No tsunami alert has been issued and, according to the Indonesian Geophysical Agency, no tsunami alert will be issued because the earthquake did not reach the 6.5 magnitude required.
In spite of the absence of tsunami risk, people have started to panic and have fled their homes and businesses.
Despite her tears at her farewell, Oprah Winfrey has clearly said to her fans that she will be back.
It is not goodbye. It is a page that is turned and another that is opened.
The Namibian presidential and parliamentary elections results show that President Hifikepunye Pohamba was re-elected by a large majority.
The ruling party, the Southern African People's Organisation (SWAPO), also managed to retain its majority in the legislative elections.
The coalition forces and Afghans have moved into the area to secure the site and another coalition aircraft has been sent to assist.
The accident took place in a mountainous terrain, and it seems that it was caused by a malevolent fire.
The efforts to find the accident site are limited by inclement weather and the accident site is difficult to access.
According to the NGO Mangola, Médecins Sans Frontières and the World Health Organization, it is the worst recorded outbreak in the country.
Médecins Sans Frontières's spokesman Richard Veerman said: "Angola is heading for the worst epidemic ever known and the situation remains very bad in Angola.
The matches began at 10am with a beautiful day and, apart from the mist of mid-morning which quickly dissipated, it was a perfect day for rugby sevens.
South Africa, at the head of the ranking, started off on a good note by beating Zambia, 5th in the ranking.
South Africa, which seemed to be in a state of disrepair against its southern comrades, has gradually improved as the tournament progressed.
Their disciplined defence, their excellent passing and teamwork enabled them to distinguish themselves and it is obvious that it was the team to beat.
The city of Amsterdam and the Anne Frank House say that the tree is infected with a fungus and that it poses a health risk because they say there is a risk of immediate fall.
He was to be shot on Tuesday, but he was saved by an emergency ruling of the court.
All the caves, which have been named "The Seven Sisters", have a diameter of at least 100 to 250 metres.
Infrared images reveal, on the basis of day and night temperature variations, that it is probably caves.
They are cooler than the surrounding surface at daytime and warmer at night.
« Their thermal behaviour is not as stable as that of the great caverns of the planet which maintain a constant temperature, but they are similar in that they are deep holes in the earth », according to Glen Cushing, a member of the USGS (US Geological Survey) and Arizona State University staff based in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, the vote is traditionally a low-tech experience: voters isolate themselves in a cabin, put in an envelope a pre-printed paper sheet indicating their choice of candidate.
After the agents have checked his identity, the voter throws the envelope into the ballot box and signs his electoral card.
The French electoral code regulates the operation of a fairly strict manner.
From 1988, the ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers can see that no envelope is present at the beginning of the vote and that no envelope is added, except those of voters who have been counted and allowed.
The candidates may send representatives to attend each stage of the process. At night, the votes are counted by volunteers under close supervision, according to specific procedures.
The ASUS Eee PC, launched earlier in the world for economic reasons and features, has become a hot topic during the Taipei IT Month of 2007.
But the portable computer market will be profoundly transformed and diversified after that ASUS was awarded the Taiwan Sustainable Award 2007 by the Yuan Executive of the Republic of China.
The website for the station describes the show as a "radio play of the old school with a new and scandalous geek twist!".
The initial broadcast was only available on the venerable TogiNet Radio website, a website devoted to spoken radio.
TogiNet Radio was created as a substation of AstroNet Radio in 2015.
The original series was set in a fictional town in the Texas panhandle.
The generalised looting would have continued throughout the night, the police being absent from the streets of Bishkek.
A Western observer described Kyrgyzstan as being in a state of 'anarchy', while the population were moving in bands in the streets and looting shops of consumer goods.
Many residents of Bishkek have accused the protesters in the south of being responsible for the chaos.
South Africa beat the All Blacks (New Zealand) in a rugby match at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in Rustenburg, South Africa.
The match was tied at 21 points, ending the New Zealand series of 15 wins.
For the Springboks, it was the end of a five-match losing streak.
It was the last game of the All Blacks, who had already won the trophy two weeks ago.
The last match of the South African league will take place at Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks will face Australia.
A moderate earthquake shook the west of Montana at 22:08 on Monday.
The USGS (United States Geological Survey) and its National Center for Earthquake Information did not receive immediate reports on the damage.
The epicentre of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) between the north and north-east of Dillon, and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Butte.
The avian influenza virus that causes human death, H5N1, has been confirmed as having infected a wild duck found dead in a marsh near Lyon in the east of France on Monday.
France is the seventh country in the EU to be affected by the virus, following Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The suspected cases of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark are not yet confirmed.
Chambers had pursued God in court for "generalised mass slaughter, destruction and terror inflicted upon millions and millions of people on Earth.
Chambers, an angel, says his trial is "frivolous" and that "anyone can prosecute anyone.
The story presented in French opera, by Camille Saint-Saens, is that of an artist "whose life is dictated by his love for drugs and for Japan.
In consequence, the artists smoke cannabis joints on stage, and the theatre itself encourages the audience to join in.
Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker, Rick Perry, the governor of Texas, and Michele Bachmann finished respectively at fourth, fifth and sixth place.
After the results were published, Newt Gingrich congratulated Rick Santorum, but he had harsh words for Mitt Romney, on behalf of whom negative advertising had been aired in Iowa against Newt Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate tonight's caucus results, and determine whether there is a way for me to proceed in this race.
Bachemann, who had won the "silly straw" vote in August, decided to call it a day.
The photographer was transported to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he died from his injuries.
According to some sources, he has been around for twenty years. In a statement, Bieber said: "While I have not been present nor directly involved in this tragic accident, my thoughts and prayers go to the family of the victim.
TMZ reports that the photographer had stopped his car on the other side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take photos of the police stop before he crossed the road and continued, prompting the California Highway Patrol to order him to stop, twice.
According to the police, it is unlikely that the driver of the vehicle which hit the photographer will be prosecuted.
With only eighteen medals available per day, a number of countries have not been able to make the podium of medallists.
They include the Netherlands, with Anna Jochemsen finishing ninth in the women's category yesterday, and Finland, with Katja Saarinen finishing tenth in the same event.
The Australian Mitchell Gourley came 11th in the standing standing man. The Czech Oldrich Jelinek came 16th in the standing standing man.
Mexican Arly Velasquez finished fifteenth in the men's standing Super-G. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth in the men's standing Super-G standing.
The blind Polish skier Maciej Krezel and his guide Anna Ogarzynska finished in the thirteenth place of the Super-G. South Korean Jong Seork Park finished in the twenty-fourth place of the Super-G sitting male.
The UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake of 2010, are accused of spreading the disease that started near the camp of the troops.
According to the trial, the UN camp's waste did not properly be treated, causing the entry of bacteria into the Artibonite River, one of the largest rivers in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops Haiti had not encountered any problems related to disease since the 1800s.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy has referred to independent studies which suggest that the Nepalese peacekeeping force has deliberately brought the disease to Haiti.
Danielle Lantagne, a UN expert on the disease, said that the outbreak probably had been caused by UN peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the Howard University Hospital had admitted the patient in stable condition.
The patient had travelled to Nigeria, where some cases of Ebola virus disease had occurred.
The hospital has complied with the protocol for the prevention of infection, in particular the isolation of the patient to avoid the possibility of infection of other patients.
Before the Simpsons, Simon had worked on several series, occupying various posts.
He worked on shows such as Taxi, Cheers and The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989 he was involved in the creation of the Simpsons with Brooks and Groening and was responsible for the hiring of the first team of writers for the series.
Although he left the show in 1993, he retained the title of executive producer and continued to receive tens of millions of dollars each season in residuals.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua has previously reported the news of the hijacking of an aircraft.
Following further reports, the device had been subjected to a bomb threat and had been directed to Kandahar to land there.
The first reports indicate that the aircraft was diverted to Afghanistan after being refused an emergency landing at Ürümqi.
Accidents aériens are frequent in Iran, which has a decrepit and unmaintained fleet of civil and military aircraft.
Because of international sanctions it is not possible to buy new aircraft.
On the first day of this week, a helicopter crash killed three people and injured three others.
Last month Iran suffered its worst air disaster in years when a passenger plane heading for Armenia crashed killing all 168 on board.
In the same month another airliner made a runway excursion at Mashhad and hit a wall, killing 17 people.
The Aerosmith band has cancelled the last concerts of its tour.
The rock band was due to make a tour of the United States and Canada until 16 September.
They cancelled the tour after the singer Steven Tyler fell off the stage during a concert on 5 August.
Murray lost the first set in a tie break after both men kept their service throughout the set.
Despite the net advantage of Del Potro during the second set, it was necessary to go through a tie-break once the score had reached 6-6.
Potro was treated for his elbow at that time, but he was able to resume the match.
The programme started at 20.30, local time (15 UTC).
Famous singers in all the country have presented bhajans, or devotional songs, to the feet of Shri Shyam.
The singer Sanju Sharma began the evening, followed by Jai Shankar Choudhary. Lakkha Singh also presented the bhajan of Chhappan Bhog. The singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
Then Lakkha Singh took the initiative to sing bhajans.
108 Bhog dishes were served to Baba Shyam.
As for Lakkha Singh, he also presented the bhog bhajan, accompanied by the singer Raju Khandelwal.
On Thursday, during the main presentation of the Tokyo Game Show, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata revealed the design of the new Nintendo Revolution controller from the company.
Like a television remote control, the command uses two sensors placed near the television of the user to triangulate his position in the three-dimensional space.
It will allow players to control the actions and movements in video games by moving the device in the air.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso dominated the race, but his pit stop ended his domination, perhaps because of a front right wheel not properly fixed.
Michael Schumacher finished his race after Alonso, due to the damages suffered on the suspensions throughout the race.
She is very pretty, and she sings very well too.
I was moved at every rehearsal when we had to do this subject, from the depths of my heart.
In less than three minutes after launch, a camera mounted on the fuel tank showed a number of foam insulation pieces being detached.
We do not think they have caused any damage to the shuttle.
The NASA chief of the space shuttle program, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam had fallen "after the time that we are concerned about.
Five minutes after the exhibition began a wind began to blow, reaching speeds of 70km/h in a matter of minutes, then heavy rain came down, but so heavy and so large that it struck your skin as if it were a needle, then hail fell from the sky, people panicked, screamed and rolled over on each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way there were two disabled people in wheelchairs, people who were just jumping and pushing them.
The NHK has also said that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant in Niigata Prefecture was operating normally.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. has not reported any effect of the earthquake and that the number 1 and 2 nuclear power plants at its Shika plant have been shut down.
There is a report that approximately 9 400 homes in the region are without water and that approximately 100 are without electricity. 
Some routes have been damaged, the railway service has been suspended in the affected areas, and the Noto airport in the Ishikawa prefecture is still closed.
A bomb exploded outside the governor general's office.
Three other bombs exploded in the space of two hours near the government buildings.
Some reports put the official death toll at eight, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people have been injured; but the final figures are not yet known.
Cyanuric acid and melamine have been found in the urine samples taken from the domestic animals that died after eating contaminated animal feed.
The two compounds react to form crystals which can block the kidney's function, say researchers at the university.
The investigators found that crystals had formed in the urine of cats due to the presence of these additional substances, melamine and cyanuric acid. 
The composition of these crystals corresponds to what is found in the urine of domestic animals affected when IRTF is compared.
I don't know if you are aware, but most of the goods coming from Central America are entering our country without paying any taxes.
However, 80 per cent of our goods were taxed by duties on imports into Central America. We are treating you.
It did not seem logical; it was certainly not fair.
What I say to people is that you treat us as you treat us.
The governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, has promulgated a law banning the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The bill requires that violent video games sold in California be labeled with an 18 sticker and makes selling them to a minor a misdemeanor punishable by a fine of $1,000 per infraction.
The Public Prosecutions Director, Kier Starmer QC, made a statement this morning announcing the prosecution of Huhne and Pryce.
Hughes has resigned and will be replaced by the MP Ed Davey. Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister for Foreign Affairs which Davey has resigned from.
Huhne and Pryce must appear before the Westminster Magistrates Court on 16 February.
The victims are Nicholas Alden, 25 years old, and Zachary Cuddeback, 21 years old. Cuddeback was the driver.
Edgar Veguilla was injured in his arm and jaw while Kristoffer Schneider had to undergo reconstructive surgery for his face.
Uka's gun has stopped working when it was pointed at the head of a fifth man. Schneider is in agony, can't see, has lost part of his skull, and his face has been rebuilt from titanium.
Schneider has testified by video link from an Air Force base in his country.
On the other hand, Carpanedo has competed in two individual races during the Championships.
She then took part in the slalom, where she received a "did not finish" (DNF) in her first race. 36 of 116 competitors received the same result in this race.
Her other event, the slalom, enabled her to finish tenth in the women's sitting group with a combined time of 4:41.30, or 2:11.60 minutes slower than the Austrian Claudia Loesch, who was first, and 1:09.02 minutes slower than the Hungarian Gyöngyi Dani, who was ninth.
In the category of women sitting skiers, four skiers did not finish their course; in the slalom race 45 skiers on a total of 117 skiers did not finish.
The police in Madhya Pradesh have recovered the laptop and mobile phone stolen.
The deputy inspector general D. K. Arya said: "We have arrested five people for having violated the Swiss national, and we have recovered her mobile phone and her laptop.
The accused are Baba Kanjar, Bhutha Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the police commissioner, said that the accused had been covered up when they appeared before the court.
Although three people were present in the house when the car hit it, none were injured.
However, the driver was seriously injured to the head.
The road where the accident took place was temporarily closed to allow rescue services to extract the driver of the red Audi TT.
He was first admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
He was then transferred to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Adekoya has since been charged with the murder of her son by the Sheriff Court of Edinburgh.
She is in custody awaiting trial, but eyewitness testimony could be compromised because her portrait has been widely disseminated.
It is a common practice elsewhere in the UK, but the Scottish judiciary operates differently and the courts have considered that publishing photographs was potentially prejudicial.
Professor Pamela Ferguson, of Dundee University, notes that "the media seem to be following a dangerous line if they publish photographs, etc. of suspects.
The Crown Prosecution Service has said that it will not make any comment at least until the prosecution is complete.
According to leak, document will be about dispute at the border that the Palestinians claim based on existing borders before the Middle East war of 1967.
In addition to other issues discussed are the future State of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the question of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for a period of ten years from the signing of an agreement, while the Palestinian Authority only agrees to a period of five years.
The shooters of the additional parasite control trial had to be closely monitored by rangers, as the trial was controlled and its effectiveness assessed.
In the context of a partnership between NPWS and the Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW) inc., qualified volunteers have been recruited, in the context of the Sporting Shooters Association's hunting programme.
Mick O'Flynn, the temporary conservator of the NPWS's park and heritage, said that the four hunters chosen for the first autumn shooting had been properly trained and instructed in safety procedures.
Martelly has just appointed a provisional Electoral Council (EC) comprising nine members. 
It is the fifth PEC of Martelly in four years.
Last month, a presidential commission recommended dissolution of the previous CEP in the context of a package of measures aimed at engaging the country on the road to new elections.
This Commission was the response of Martelly to the widespread protests against the regime which began in October.
The violent protests sometimes have been triggered by the absence of elections, some of which were due to take place in 2011.
About 60 iPods have been found to be overheating, causing six fires and leaving four people with minor burns.
The Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry (METI) has said that it had been made aware of 27 accidents involving these devices.
Last week, the METI announced that Apple had informed it of 34 additional overheating incidents, which it has described as 'non-serious'.
The Ministry of Finance has reacted by describing it as "really regrettable" that the report was postponed.
The earthquake struck the French Mariannes at 7:19 local time (21:19 GMT Friday).
The Emergency Management Agency of the Northern Mariana Islands has said that no damage has been reported in this country.
In addition, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre has said there is no sign of tsunami.
A former Philippine policeman has taken hostages from Hong Kong tourists in Manila, the capital of the Philippines.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 at the tourists.
At least six hostages have been rescued, and at least six of them have been confirmed to have been killed so far.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released prematurely, as were the Filipino photographers.
The photographers then took the place of an elderly lady who needed to go to the loo. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and became a doctor.
He has followed a training course in obstetrics, and started working at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When he was working at the hospital, Liggins began to investigate premature births during his spare time. 
His research has shown that if a hormone was administered, it would accelerate the lung maturation of the baby.
The Xinhua news agency reported that the government's investigators recovered two black boxes from a plane on Wednesday.
Others also paid tribute to Luna.
Tommy Dreamer said: "Luna was the first queen of extreme. My first manager. Luna died on two moons. A unique moment, like her. A strong woman.
Dustin "Goldust" Runnels commented that "Luna was as strange as me... or even more... I love her and she will be missed... I hope she rests in a better place.
A survey conducted among 1 400 people before federal elections in 2010 revealed that the number of opponents to the transformation of Australia into a republic had increased by 8 % since 2008.
The interim prime minister Julia Gillard said during the federal election campaign of 2010 that she thought Australia should become a republic at the end of the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34 per cent of those questioned share this view, and wish that Queen Elizabeth II would be the last monarch to rule Australia.
On the extremes of the poll, 29 per cent of those questioned think that Australia should become a republic as soon as possible, while 31 per cent think that Australia should never become a republic.
The gold medallist was due to swim in the 100m and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints, his fitness was questioned.
He could not take the necessary medication to overcome his pain, these being banned within the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and computer science professor at the University of Central Missouri, has just discovered the largest known prime number.
Many people have checked the discovery using different equipment and software at the beginning of February, and it was announced on Tuesday.
The comets may have been a source of water for the earth, as well as organic matter which can form proteins and promote life.
The scientists hope to understand how planets form, and in particular how the Earth formed, because comets have collided with it for a long time.
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, 53, began his term in January and signed a bill last month legalizing same-sex marriage.
He has described the rumours as "political chatter and nonsense.
We think he will be the next president of the Commission.
According to the FAA, NextGen would allow aircraft to fly shorter distances and save millions of gallons of fuel each year, reducing carbon emissions.
It is based on satellite technology, and not on ground-based radar systems which were previously used, which enables air traffic controllers to locate aircraft more accurately and provide pilots with more detailed information.
The additional transport is non-existent and the surface trains will not stop at Wembley, and the parking and relay sites are not available on the ground.
The fear of not having enough transport has led to the possibility that the match could be played in a closed stadium, without the supporters of the teams.
A study published on Thursday in the journal Science has revealed the origin of a new species of bird in the Galápagos Islands.
A team of researchers from Princeton University in the United States and from Uppsala University in Sweden have indicated that the new species had evolved in only two generations, although this process has been estimated to have taken much longer, following the breeding between a Darwin's finch endemic, Geospiza fortis, and the finch immigrant with conical beak, Geospiza conirostris." #
You can shape gold in many ways. It can be rolled into small pieces.
It can be twisted and woven into threads. It can be hammered or laminated into sheets.
It can be made very fine, and glued onto another metal. It can be so fine that it has sometimes been used to decorate hand-painted images in manuscripts called 'enlumined manuscripts'.
That is what we call the pH of a chemical. You can make a pH indicator by using carrot juice.
The juice of carrot changes colour according to the acidity or basicity (alkalinity) of the chemical.
The pH level is indicated by the amount of hydrogen ions (H in the pH) present in the test substance.
The hydrogen ions are protons which have been stripped of their electron (because hydrogen atoms are made up of a proton and an electron)." #
Mix the dry powders together, then, with clean hands and moist ones, press them into a ball.
The moisture on your hands will react with the outer layers, which will produce an odd sensation and produce a shell-like effect.
The cities of Harappa and Mohenjo-daro had toilets equipped with a flush system in almost all houses, connected to a sophisticated se
Found remains of sewerage systems were found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
There were also toilets in ancient Egypt, in Persia and China. In Roman times, public toilets sometimes made up part of the public baths where men and women met.
When you call someone who is thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite receives the call in space and then returns it to Earth almost instantly. 
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the Earth's atmosphere distorts a part of our light and our vision.
A giant rocket of more than 30 metres high is needed to put a satellite or a telescope into space.
The wheel has changed the world in many ways. The greatest benefit it has brought us is to have made transport much simpler and faster.
It has brought us the train, the car and many other means of transport.
Below are medium-sized carnivores which eat medium-sized prey, including rabbits, hares and deer.
In addition, there are many small cats (including free-roaming cats) which eat the smaller prey, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret of their success is the concept of niche, a special task assigned to each feline, preventing it from competing with other.
The lions are the most sociable cats, living in large groups called packs.
The packs are composed of one to three adult males, as well as a thirty-odd females and cubs.
Women are generally very close to each other, their families being composed of a large number of sisters and daughters.
The lions act like packs of wolves or dogs, remarkably similar to lions (but not to other big cats) in their behaviour, and also very deadly for their prey.
Balanced athlete, the tiger can climb (but sometimes difficultly), swim, jump great distances and pull with five times the strength of a powerful human.
The tiger is part of the same family (genus Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones capable of roaring.
The roar of the tiger does not sound like the roar of the lion, but rather to a phrase whose words would be cries and groans.
The ocelot is a voracious predator. It will catch small animals such as monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds if it can. Almost all the animals that the ocelot hunts are much smaller than him.
According to scientists, ocelots sniff out prey (prey) by smelling their tracks on the ground.
They see very well in the dark thanks to their night vision, and they move also very stealthily. The ocelots hunt their prey by blending into their environment before leaping on them.
When a small group of living things (a small population) is separated from the main population from which it originated (for example, if it moves over a mountain range or river, or if it moves to a new island so that it can not easily return to its former location), it often finds itself in a different environment than it was previously.
This new environment has different resources and competitors, so that the new population will need new characteristics or adaptations to be a powerful competitor against what it had to do before.
The population of origin has not changed at all, it still needs the same adaptations. 
Over time, as the new population adapts to its new environment, it begins to look less and less like the other population.
Finally, after thousands or even millions of years, the two populations will appear so different that they will no longer be considered to be part of the same species.
We call this process'speciation', which simply means the formation of new species. It is an inevitable and very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe, and they absorb carbon dioxide that we exhale (that is, expire).
Plants produce their food by photosynthesis. They also provide shade.
We make our houses and clothes from plants. Most of the food we eat is plants. Without plants, animals would not survive.
The giant squid was the superpredator of the time, it did not fear anything, except other giant squid.
His long jaws were equipped with more than 70 sharp teeth, as well as a series of additional teeth in the palate, so that anything that crossed his path could not escape.
We are not sure, but it may have been a bit tongue-tied. His diet included large fish, other sea snakes, and it may even have been cannibalistic.
He also attacked everything that was in the water; even a dinosaur like a T. rex was not big enough against him.
While the Romans ate food that we know, they ate strange or unusual dishes, including deer, pheasants, snails and cockroaches, as well as the hare, a sort of rodent.
Another difference: while the poor and the woman ate their food sitting on chairs, the rich men liked to arrange banquets where they rested on their side while they ate.
Roman meals did not include these foods from America or Asia which were introduced in Europe centuries later.
For example, they did not have any maize, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no Romans have ever tasted lamb.
The Babylonians built temples for each of their gods, which were considered to be the dwelling of the god.
People sacrificed to the gods and priests tried to meet the needs of the gods through ceremonies and festivals.
Each temple had a courtyard, then a inner sanctum which only priests could access.
Some pyramids, the ziggurats, were sometimes built as part of a temple.
The summit of the tower was a sacred place for the god.
In the hot climate of the Middle East, the house was not so important.
The bulk of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the courtyard; shops were only open-air counters giving on to the street. Houses were built of stone. 
As there were no great forests in Canaan, the wood was extremely expensive.
The Greenland was sparsely populated. In Scandinavian sagas, it is said that Erik the Red was exiled from Iceland for murder he found the Greenland and named it after him on his travels further west.
But apart from its discovery, the Eskimo people lived there already in the prehistoric era.
While each country is'scandinavian', there are many differences between the people, the kings, the customs and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie Benjamin Gates and the Templar Treasure, you may think that a treasure map has been drawn on the back of the Declaration of Independence. 
But that is not true. Although there is an inscription on the back of the document, it is not a treasure map.
On the back of the Declaration of Independence, you could read the words 'Original Declaration of Independence dated 4 July 1776'. The text is on the reverse.
Although no one really knows who wrote it, we know that at an early stage of its existence, the great scroll (which measures approximately 29 inches three quarters on 24 inches) was rolled up. 
It is therefore likely that the rating was added simply as an identifier.
The landing day and the subsequent battles freed the north of France, but the south was still not free.
She was ruled by French collaborators, Frenchmen who made peace with the Germans in 1940 and collaborated with the occupier instead of facing it.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies landed in southern France, an invasion called Operation "Dragoon.
In just two weeks the Americans and the Free French had liberated the south of France and were heading for Germany.
A civilisation is a unique culture shared by a significant number of people who live and work in cooperation, a society.
The word 'civilisation' derives from the Latin word 'civis', which means civil and which is related to the Latin words 'civis', which means citizen, and 'civitas', which means city or state and which indicates also, in some way, the size of the society to which it relates.
Cities-states are the pioneers of nations. A civilisational culture involves the transmission of knowledge on several generations, a durable cultural empreinte and a fair distribution.
Minority cultures often disappear without leaving any historically relevant traces and are not recognised as genuine civilisations.
In the revolutionary war, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government under the Articles of the Confederation.
The Congress had no power to impose taxes and, as there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the authorities of the state, often less cooperative, to enforce its acts.
He had no power to derogate from tax laws or from customs duties between states.
The articles required unanimous consent of all Member States before they could be amended and Member States took the central government so lightly that their representatives were often absent.
The Italian national football team is, with Germany's national team, the second most successful team in the world and it has won the FIFA World Cup in 2006.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, equestrian, rugby, cycling, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula 1.
Skiing is the most popular sport in the northern regions, Italians participating in international games and Olympic events.
Japan has 7, 000 islands (the largest being Honshu), which makes it the 7th largest island in the world!
Because of the islands that make up it, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
The first information about Taiwan comes from the 15th century, while European sailors passing through the area made mention of it under the name of Ilha Formosa, or 'beautiful island'.
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in the south-west of Taiwan, introducing a transformation of traditional Chinese rice and sugarcane production practices.
In 1683, the Qing dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and declared them provinces of the Qing Empire in 1885.
In 1895, after his defeat in the Sino-Japanese War (1894–1895), the Qing government signed the Shimonoseki Treaty, by which it ceded Taiwan to Japan, which was then in control of the island until 1945.
The Inca citadel is composed of three main structures, namely the Intihuatana, the sun temple and the three-window room.
A large number of buildings adjacent to the complex have been rebuilt to provide a better view of their original appearance.
In 1976, 30 per cent of Machu Picchu had been restored and this restoration continues to this day.
For example, the most common format of photographic film is 35 mm; it was the most common format of film used at the end of the analogue film era.
It is still made today, but what is important is that its image format is inherited from the digital camera sensor format.
The 35 mm format is in fact, and it is quite surprising, 36 mm wide by 24 mm high.
So it is said that the aspect ratio of this format is to be divided by twelve to obtain the simplest of integer ratios.
Many common formats (for example, APS family) are equal to this aspect ratio or are close to it.
The third-country rule, which has been badly treated and often ridiculed, is a simple directive that offers dynamism while offering protection to the image.
He indicates that the most effective place for the main subject is at the intersection of the lines dividing the image into thirds vertically and horizontally (see example).
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which had become rich and powerful, was being questioned.
For more than a thousand years, Christianity has bound European states together despite the differences in language and customs.
His omnipresent power touched everyone, from the king to the peasants.
One of the principal Christian principles is that wealth should be used to relieve suffering and poverty and that the church's money is there specifically for this purpose.
The central authority of the church was in Rome for more than 1000 years and this concentration of power and money has led many people to ask whether this doctrine was respected.
After the outbreak of hostilities, the UK established a naval blockade against Germany.
This strategy has proved effective, cutting vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade has been flagrantly violating international law generally accepted and codified by several international agreements of the two last centuries.
The UK is attempting to undermine international waters in order to prevent ships from venturing into entire areas of international waters, thereby constituting a threat even to neutral ships.
As this tactic has generated only a timid reaction, Germany expected a similar reaction in response to its underwater war without limits.
In the 20th century, most citizens and nations showed a preference for pacifism and isolation.
After seeing the horrors and atrocities of World War One, nations wished to avoid such a situation happening again in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America to accept a job at the Edison Company in New York.
He arrived in the United States with four hundred dollars in his name, a poem and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelor (his previous employer) to Thomas Edison.
The ancient Chinese had a unique way of showing the different periods of China or each family that was in power was a distinct dynasty.
There was also a period of instability between dynasties. The most famous of these periods is the Three Kingdoms period which lasted for 60 years between the Han dynasty and the Jin dynasty.
In these periods, fierce battles have been fought between many nobles who were fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms were one of the bloodiest periods in Chinese history. Thousands of people died in battle to sit on the throne of the great palace of Xi'an.
There are many social and political repercussions such as the use of the metric system, the passing from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the conviction that the country belongs to the people and not to one single leader.
As well, after the Revolution, the professions were opened to all male candidates, enabling the most ambitious and the most talented to succeed.
It is the same for the armed forces, because the classification of the armed forces is no longer based on the class, but on the calibre.
The French Revolution also inspired many other working class movements in other countries to embark on their own revolution.
Muhammad was deeply interested in questions that transcended the worldly life. He was accustomed to frequenting a cave which has become famous under the name of 'Hira' on the mountain of 'Noor' (light) for contemplation.
The cave itself, which survived the time, gives a very vivid picture of Muhammad's spiritual inclinations.
Set at the top of one of the mountains north of Mecca, the cave is completely isolated from the rest of the world.
In fact, it is not easy at all to find, even if you know that it exists. When you enter the cave, you are completely isolated. 
Up there, you can only look at the clear sky and the many mountains surrounding it. From the inside of the cave, you can only see or hear very little of this universe.
The Great Pyramid of Gizeh is the only of the seven wonders that still exists today.
The Great Pyramid of Egypt was built by the Egyptians during the third millennium BC. It is one of many gigantic structures erected in honour of the Pharaohs who died.
The Giza plateau, or 'Giza necropolis', in the Valley of the Kings in Egypt, contains several pyramids (the largest being the most imposing), several small tombs, many temples and the Great Sphinx.
The Great Pyramid was built to honour the Pharaoh Khéops, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built to honour his wives and family.
The symbol "push" looks like a V and the symbol "pull" looks like a staple or a square with a missing side.
The top means you must start with the tip and push the bow, and the bottom means you must start with the arrow and pull the bow.
A bow up produces a softer sound, while a bow down produces a stronger and more assertive sound.
Don't be afraid to write your own marks on the pencil, but remember that the pencil marks are printed for a musical reason, and so you should generally respect them.
On 6 October 1789, the king Louis XVI, his wife Marie-Antoinette, their two young children (Marie-Thérèse, 11 years old, and Louis-Charles, 4 years old) and the sister of the king, Madame Elisabeth, all terrified, were forced to return to Paris from Versailles
In a carriage they were driven back to Paris surrounded by a crowd of people who were shouting and screaming threats against the king and the queen.
The king and queen were obliged to open their carriages' windows because of the crowd.
At some point a crowd member brandished the head of a royal guard killed at Versailles before the terrified queen.
The US imperialist war expenditures in the Philippines were paid for by the people of the Philippines themselves.
They were forced to pay colonial US taxes to cover a large part of the expenses and interest of the Philippine government bonds issued by Wall Street banks.
Of course, the profits derived from prolonged exploitation of the Filipino people could constitute the fundamental benefits of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context in which the order was created.
These events took place during the generally considered to be the High Middle Ages – a period of European history from the 1000s to 1300s.
The Middle Ages were preceded by the High Middle Ages and followed by the Low Middle Ages, which by convention ends around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term which encompasses a wide range of ideas in practice, from the technological push or the imperative to a strict sense of the term which states that the destiny of humanity is dictated by a logical underpinning linked to scientific laws and their manifestation in technological developments.
The majority of interpretations of technological determinism agree on two general ideas: technological development itself proceeds beyond cultural and political influences, and technological change has an impact on societies that are intrinsically conditioned rather than socially.
For example, one could say that the automobile leads necessarily to the development of roads.
However, a national road network is not economically viable for a few cars, so new production methods are developed to reduce the cost of owning a car.
Massive ownership of cars also leads to an increased incidence of road accidents, which leads to the invention of new techniques in the field of health care for treating the body injuries.
The Romanticism presented an important element of cultural determinism, drawn from writers such as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
Romantic theories suggest that geography has shaped individuals and, over time, a culture associated with this geography has emerged. This, in harmony with the places occupied by society, is preferable to arbitrarily imposed laws.
In the same way that Paris is known as the capital of the contemporary world of fashion, Constantinople was regarded as the capital of the medieval Europe.
His reputation as the centre of luxury has begun around 400 AD and lasted until 1100 AD.
His status has declined over the twelfth century, mainly because the Crusaders returned with presents such as silk and spices, with which Byzantine markets could not compete.
It was at this time that the title of capital of fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic architecture flourished between the 10th and 13th centuries.
At first, the dress was heavily influenced by Byzantine culture, to the east.
However, due to the slowness of communication modes, Western modes could accuse a delay of 25 to 30 years.
In the Middle Ages, Western Europe began to develop its own style. One of the greatest advances of the period, following the crusades, was the use of buttons for closing garments.
Subsistence agriculture is a farming practice practised to produce enough food to meet only the needs of the farmer and his family.
The subsistence agriculture system is a simple system, often organic, using heirloom seeds from the region, combined with rotational farming or other simple techniques to maximise yield.
Historically, most farmers practised subsistence farming and that is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures are groups of individuals who feel neglected by social norms and share the same ideas which allows them to develop a sense of identity.
Subcultures can be distinguished by age, ethnicity, class, location and / or sex of members.
The criteria which determine a subculture as distinct from the mainstream can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Subculture members often signal their membership by distinctive and symbolic use of style, which encompasses fashion, manias and argot.
One of the most common ways of illustrating the importance of socialisation is to draw on a few unfortunate cases of children who, by neglect, misfortune or deliberate abuse, have not been socialised by adults during their childhood.
These children are regarded as 'wild' or'savages'. Some children were kept as 'wild' or'savages' by their own parents; in some cases, the abandonment of this child was due to the parents' rejection of a severe intellectual or physical handicap which the child suffered.
Children who have been abused or traumatised can have suffered serious abuse or trauma before they have been abandoned or escaped.
Others would have been raised by animals; some would have lived alone in the wild.
When they are raised entirely by non-human species, wild children display almost identical behaviours to those of the species that raised them, such as fear or indifference towards humans.
While project-based learning should make learning easier and more interesting, the support goes further.
Support is not a method of learning but rather a means of helping learners who discover a new teaching such as the use of a new programme or the start of a new project.
Supports can be both virtual and real. In other words, a teacher is a form of support, but the little Microsoft Office guy is also a support.
Virtual scaffolds are integrated into the software and are intended to guide, explain and explain procedures that might have been too difficult for the student to manage on his own.
Children are placed in foster care for very different reasons, from neglect to maltreatment, from extortion to theft.
No child should ever have to grow up in an environment which is not stimulating, attentive and educational, but that is the case.
We perceive the family placement system as a safety zone for these children.
Our family placement system is supposed to provide safe, loving homes, stable education and reliable health care.
The placement in family homes is supposed to provide all the necessities which were lacking in the home from which they had previously been removed.
Internet combines mass communication and interpersonal communication.
The distinctive features of the Internet lead to additional dimensions in terms of approaches to usages and gratifications.
For example, 'learning' and'socialisation' are seen as major factors promoting Internet use (James et al., 1995).
« Personal involvement » and « ongoing relationships » have also been identified as being new aspects of motivation by Eighmey and McCord (1998) when they studied the public reactions to internet sites.
Video recording has led to great discoveries in the interpretation of facial expressions, that is, facial expressions during a few milliseconds.
In particular, they claim that one can detect if a person is lying by interpreting correctly micro-expressions.
Oliver Sacks, in his article The President's Speech, has indicated how people with cerebral lesions are able to assess the sincerity of the speech accurately.
He suggests that such capacities for human behaviour interpretation may be found in domestic dogs.
The research of the twentieth century has shown that there are two genetic reservoirs: hidden and expressed.
The mutation adds a new genetic variation, and the selection removes it from the gene pool of expressed variations.
Segregation and recombination alternate between the two basins at each generation.
In the savannah, it is difficult for a primate with a digestive system similar to that of humans to meet its nutritional needs from the available plant resources.
In addition, a lack of response has serious consequences: growth disturbances, malnutrition and in the end, death.
The most easily accessible plant resources would be the proteins contained in leaves and legumes, but they are difficult to digest for us, unless they are cooked.
In contrast, animal-based food (ants, termites, eggs) is easy to digest and provides a large amount of protein containing all the essential amino acids.
In all fairness, we should not be surprised if our own ancestors have solved their 'protein problem' a little in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna do today.
Sleep interruption is the process of intentional waking during your sleep and subsequently falling asleep within a few minutes.
It can be done easily by using a relatively quiet alarm clock, so that you wake up without waking up completely.
If you find yourself resetting the clock during your sleep, it can be placed on the other side of the room, forcing you to get out of bed to turn it off.
Other possibilities based on the biorhythm include drinking a lot of liquids before going to bed (for example water or tea, reputed to be diuretics), which forces you to wake up to go to the toilet.
The degree of inner peace of a person opposes to the degree of tension in his or her body and mind.
When the tension is low, the present vitality is positive. Each person has the opportunity to find absolute peace and contentment.
Everyone can reach enlightenment. The only thing that stands in the way is our own tension and our negativeness.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but has been enriched by the mahayana path and by many Indian techniques of yoga.
In principle, the Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the universal love path.
With Kundalini Yoga, the Kundalini energy (illumination energy) is awakened by yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The Tibetan center of meditation is the yoga of the deity. It is through visualization of different deities that the channels of energy are cleansed, the chakras are activated, and the consciousness of awakening is created.
Germany was a common enemy during the Second World War, which led to the cooperation between the USSR and the USA. At the end of the war, deep conflicts between their different systems, methods and cultures have ended the entente between these two countries.
Two years after the end of the war, the former allies have become enemies and the Cold War has begun.
It would last for the next 40 years and see real conflicts, through proxy armies, on battlefields in Africa, Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defence was already broken, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganise along the Romanian front.
But these plans have become obsolete almost overnight, when more than 800 000 Soviet troops arrived and created the eastern Bieloruss and Ukrainian front after invading the eastern parts of Poland, violating the Riga Peace Treaty, the Soviet-Polish non-aggression pact, as well as other international treaties, whether bilateral or multilateral.
The use of ships for the transport of goods is by far the most efficient way of moving large quantities of people and goods through the oceans.
The work of the armed forces has traditionally been to ensure that your country retains the capacity to move your people and your property, while interfering with your enemy's capacity to move people and property.
One of the most notable recent examples of this situation was the North Atlantic campaign during World War II. The Americans were trying to cross the Atlantic to help the British.
At the same time, German naval forces, using mainly U-boats, were attempting to stop this traffic.
If the Allies had failed, Germany would probably have been able to conquer Britain as it has done for the rest of Europe.
It seems that the goats have been domesticated for the first time about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros mountains in Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribal groups began to keep them close to them so that they could easily access milk, hair, meat and skin.
Domestic cattle were usually kept in herds that wandered over hills or other pastures, often cared for by shepherds who were usually children or adolescents, similar to the more familiar term of shepherds.
The 'wagonways' were built in England from the 15th century.
While the wagons were simply constructed of parallel planks, they allowed horses to reach greater speeds and to carry heavier loads than on the slightly more accident-prone roads of the day.
The crossbars were introduced early enough to keep the tracks in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks would be more effective if they were provided with a steel bar on top.
It has become a common practice, but the iron has caused more wear on the wooden wheels of the wagons.
Finally, the wooden wheels were replaced by iron wheels. In 1767, the first iron rails were introduced.
The first means of locomotion was walking: humans began to walk upright about two million years ago with the arrival of the Homo Erectus ("right-handed man").
Their predecessors, the Australopithecus, did not walk upright as they usually did.
There are bipedal specializations in fossil hominids from 4,2 to 3,9 million years ago, although Sahelanthropus may have walked on two legs already seven million years ago.
We can start by living in better harmony with the environment, we can join the environmental movement, and we can even campaign in the hope of mitigating the sufferings to come.
In many cases, it is a symptomatic treatment. However, if we do not just want a temporary solution, we must find the root of the problems and disable them.
It is clear that the world has changed greatly thanks to the progress of science and technology made by human beings, and that the problems have become more serious because of the overpopulation and the extravagant lifestyle of humanity.
After its adoption by the Congress on July 4th, a draft signed by the Congress President John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thomson was then sent to a few blocks away, to the printing office of John Dunlap.
In the night between 150 and 200 copies were made, known as "Dunlap Broadsides.
The first reading of the document was held in the Independence Hall on 8 July.
One of them was sent to George Washington on 6 July, who read it to his troops at New York on 9 July. A copy reached London on 10 August.
The 25 Dunlap sheets that are known to exist are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original manuscript has not survived.
Many palaeontologists now believe that a group of dinosaurs survived and is still alive. They are called birds.
Many people regard them as dinosaurs because they have wings and can fly.
But there are a lot of things on the birds which look like a dinosaur.
They have claws covered with scales and they have sharp claws, they lay eggs and walk on their two hind legs like T-Rex.
In practice, all computers used today are based on the manipulation of information which are encoded in binary form.
A binary number can only have one of two values: 0 or 1. These numbers are called binary numbers, or bits to use the computer jargon.
An internal poisoning may not be immediately apparent. The symptoms, such as vomiting, are sufficiently general to allow a prompt diagnosis to be made.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning is probably the presence of an open container of toxic household chemicals or medicines.
Read the label for specific first aid instructions for this poison.
The term 'insect' is used by entomologists in a formal sense for this group of insects.
The term derives from a long-standing familiarity with bed bugs, which are very adapted to parasitise humans.
The slugs, like bed bugs, are nidicolous, that is to say adapted to live in the nest or host's habitat.
In the United States there are about 400 000 known cases of spinal cord injury (SCI), which makes it the principal neurological disease in young and middle-aged adults.
Sclerosis is a central nervous system disease that affects the brain, spinal cord and optic nerve.
Research has shown that women are twice as likely to have MS than men.
A couple can very well estimate that it is not in their interest, nor in the child's interest, to take on the responsibility of caring for a baby.
The couples can choose to adopt their baby.
In adoption, the biological parents terminate their parental rights so that another couple can raise the child.
The main objective of science is to understand how the world works through scientific method. This method guides in fact most scientific research.
It is not the only, but it is an experiment which serves to eliminate one or more of the possible hypotheses, pose questions and make observations, but which also orients the scientific research.
Naturalists and philosophers have concentrated on ancient texts, and in particular on the Latin Bible.
Aristotle's opinions on all scientific questions, including psychology, have been accepted.
With the decline of Greek knowledge, the West has been cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots.
Many physiological and behavioural rhythms are often dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, which do not simply represent responses to periodic external stimuli, have been found for most living things, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
The biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators which will continue to operate in a certain period of time even without external stimulation.
The experience of Hershey and Chase was one of the principal indications that DNA was a genetic material.
Hershey and Chase used viruses, or phages, to implant their own DNA into a bacteria.
They have conducted two experiments to mark either the phage DNA with a radioactive phosphorus, or the phage protein with radioactive sulfur.
Mutations can have many different effects depending on the type of mutation, the extent of the genetic material affected and whether the affected cells are germ cells.
Only the genetic changes of the germ cells can be passed on to the children, while other changes can lead to cancer or death of cells.
Ecotourism is of interest to those who wish to visit natural areas in order to enjoy the scenery, in particular the fauna and flora.
Hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and studying the information on the ecosystem are examples of activities on the ground.
You can go and see, photograph and discover the orang-utans of Borneo.
Every morning people leave the small towns in the countryside by car to go to their place of work and cross other people who are going to work in the country they have just left.
In this dynamic passenger transport system, each is in some way connected to a vehicle-based transport system and supports it.
The science now shows that this massively carbon-based economy has pushed the biosphere out of its stable state which has supported human evolution for two million years.
Everyone is part of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about transport systems.
In developed countries, it is rare to hear so many complaints about the quality of the water or the collapse of bridges.
Why do transport systems generate such complaints, why do they break down every day? Are transport engineers simply incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental going on?
The traffic flow is the study of the movements of drivers and vehicles between two points, and the interactions they exert between themselves.
It is difficult to study the flow of traffic because the behaviour of drivers cannot be predicted with 100 per cent certainty.
Fortunately, drivers tend to act within a reasonable range; so, the flows of traffic tend to have a reasonable consistency and can be represented mathematically in an approximate way.
To better represent the traffic flow, relationships have been established between the three main characteristics: (1) the flow, (2) the density and (3) the speed.
These relationships help to plan, design and operate road infrastructure.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly enabled them to escape more easily from their enemies and to find more effectively food and companions.
Among insects, most have the advantage of being able to fold their wings along the body.
It gives them a greater number of small hiding places to hide from predators.
Today, only dragonflies and ephemerals can fold their wings.
There are some 6,000 years ago, a man called Aristotle said that the solar system moved around the Sun.
Some people thought he was right, but many thought he was wrong: that the solar system moved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even the other stars).
It seems reasonable, because the Earth does not feel like it is moving, is it?
The Amazon River is the second longest and the largest river on Earth. It carries more than eight times the volume of water of the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the world's largest river, reaching up to 10 km wide.
At least 20 per cent of the water that falls from rivers in the world into the oceans comes from the Amazon.
The main branch of the Amazon River is 6 387 km (3 980 miles). It collects the water from thousands of small rivers.
While the construction of pyramids continued up to the end of the Old Kingdom, the Great Pyramid of Gizeh never surpassed its size and the technical perfection of its construction.
Anciens Égyptiens were astonished by the monuments of their predecessors, who had then been in existence for more than a thousand years.
Vatican City has about 800 inhabitants. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and the least populated.
The Vatican City drafts its legislation and its official communications in Italian.
The Italian is also the language of everyday use by most of the people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
The citizens of the Vatican City are all Catholic.
From antiquity, people have been familiar with the basic elements of the chemical world as gold, silver and copper, because they are found in nature in their pure form and are relatively simple to mine using primitive tools.
Aristotle, a philosopher, has theorised that everything is made up of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
It was rather the four states of matter (in the same order) : solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also made the case that these latter are transformed into new substances to form what we see.
Aluminium alloys are essentially a mixture of two or more metals. Do not forget that the periodic table contains many elements.
Elements such as calcium and potassium are considered to be metals. Of course there are also metals such as silver and gold.
There are also alloys which contain a small amount of non-metallic elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. All matter is made of minuscule particles called atoms.
The atoms are so small that billions of them could enter the period at the end of this sentence.
So, the pencil was a good friend to many people when it was released.
Unfortunately, the appearance of new modes of writing has relegated the pen to a more private status and has been used less frequently.
People are now writing messages on computers, without ever having to touch a pencil.
It is only a question of time before the next new thing arrives.
The fission bomb works on the principle that it assembles a nucleus of a myriad of protons and neutrons.
Like if you were to make a hill climb by a heavy cart. Dividing the core again, then letting some of that energy out.
Some atoms have a volatile nucleus, so they tend to break up with little or no pressure.
The moon's surface is made up of rocks and dust. Its outer layer is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km on the visible side and 100 km on the hidden side.
It is finer at sea level and thicker below the continents.
There may be more lava on the side close to the crater because the crust is thinner. It was easier for the lava to rise to the surface.
Content theories are concerned with the search for what makes people feel good or attracted.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that have been internalized as they matured into adulthood.
These theories examine what drives some people to want what they do and what, in their environment, drives them to do or not do certain things.
Two popular content theories are Maslow's hierarchy of needs and Herzberg's two-factor theory.
Generally speaking two behaviours can emerge when a manager becomes the boss of former colleagues. From the extreme end of the spectrum being to try to stay 'the good friend' (or 'the good friend's')." #
This type of manager is unable to take unpopular decisions, carry out disciplinary actions, carry out appraisals, delegate responsibilities, and hold others accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, one becomes an anonymous individual who feels that he/she must change everything that the group has created up to now and do things his/her way.
After all, the boss is ultimately responsible for the success and failure of the team.
This behaviour often leads to friction between the leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are subject to the same standards of excellence as conventional teams, but there are subtle differences.
Virtual teams often function as a point of contact for their immediate physical team.
They have often more autonomy than traditional team members because their teams can meet at different time zones, which may not be understood by their local management.
A real "invisible" team (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p109) is also an unique element of a virtual team.
The "invisible" team is the team of management to which each member reports. It sets standards for each of them.
Why would an organisation want to create a structure for learning? One of the objectives of learning organisational concepts is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used in the functional services of an organisation, creativity and ingenuity can be fully expressed.
In other words, the process of working together to overcome a barrier can lead to a new process that is innovative to meet the needs of the customer.
Before an organisation can be innovative, its leadership must create a culture of innovation, shared knowledge and its own culture of learning.
Angel (2006) presents Continuum as a method used to help organisations to achieve better results.
Neurobiological data provide material evidence for a theoretical approach to cognitive research. They allow therefore to reduce the research field and make it much more precise.
The correlation between brain pathology and behaviour supports scientists in their research.
We know for a long time that different types of damage, injuries, tumours and brain injuries affect the behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
The advent of new technologies enables us to see and study brain structures and processes that have never been seen before.
It gives us a lot of information and material to build models of simulation that help us understand the processes in our minds.
Although Artificial Intelligence is often strongly connoted science-fiction, it represents a very important part of the computer science that studies the behaviour, learning and adapting intelligently of a machine.
The field of artificial intelligence is concerned with the automating of tasks requiring an intelligent approach.
In addition to the examples mentioned there are control, planning and programming, the ability to respond to customer questions and diagnoses, as well as recognition of writing, voice and face.
The practice has led to distinct disciplines, aimed at solving everyday problems.
The system of artificial intelligence is now often used in the fields of economics, medicine, engineering and military, as it was put into practice in several home computer software and video games.
Excursions are integral to any school. Often, a teacher would like to take his students on a bus trip where a trip by bus is not possible.
The solution is provided by the technology in the form of virtual educational sorties. The students can watch the ancient objects of a museum, visit an aquarium, or admire a beautiful work of art while sitting with their class.
Participating in a practical excursion is also a good way to think about a trip and to share your experiences with future generations.
For example, students from the Bennet School in North Carolina design each year a website dedicated to their visit to the capital of the state. Each year the site is updated, but the old versions are kept online for use as an album.
Blogs can also help students improve their writing skills. Even if students often try blogging with poor grammar and spelling, the fact that they have a public makes it more likely that the situation will improve.
As students are often the most critical of the blog author is trying to improve his writing to avoid criticism.
In addition, blogging "forces students to be more intelligent and interesting" (Toto, 2004).
Blogs are an effective tool that stimulates collaboration and encourages students to extend their learning well beyond the traditional school day.
When used effectively, blogs can help students to strengthen their analytical and critical thinking skills: by responding actively to online content, they can confront their own views with those of others and expose their own points of view on specific topics.
Ottawa is the charming capital bilingual of Canada and has a large number of galleries and museums which highlight the past and present of Canada.
You will find more south the Niagara Falls and further north the Muskoka region and its environs which possess a virgin natural beauty.
All these measures, and many more, make Ontario what foreigners regard as the quintessence of Canada.
There are large areas of the north which are not very populated and some are almost uninhabited in the wild.
For a comparison that will surprise even the most jaded: There are more African-Americans living in the United States than Canadian citizens.
The islands of the East African coast lie in the Indian Ocean, close to the African coast.
Madagascar is by far the largest country, and even a continent to itself, in terms of wildlife.
The majority of small islands are independent nations, or associated with France, and are known for being luxury holiday resorts.
The Arabs also brought the practice of Islam to the islands and this religion has spread widely to the Comoros and Mayotte.
European and colonial influence began in the 15th century, when Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the Cape route linking Europe to India.
North, the region is defined by the Sahel, and to the south and east by the Atlantic Ocean.
To women: It is recommended that any woman who travels should say that she is married, irrespective of her marital status.
It is also advisable to wear an alliance (which should not seem too precious.
Women must realise that some cultural differences may lead to behaviour they regard as harassment. It is common that they are followed, caught by the arm, etc.
Be firm in your refusal of advances, and don't be afraid to hold your ground (cultural differences or not, that doesn't mean it's acceptable!)
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berber fishermen in the early 10th century BC, and was used by the Phoenicians, the Romans and the Medes as a strategic port called Anfa.
The Portuguese, who after it had been destroyed had rebuilt it and named it Casa Branca, finally abandoned it in 1755 after a quake.
The Moroccan sultan rebuilt the city under the name of Daru l-Badya, and it was renamed Casablanca by Spanish merchants who established trading posts there.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places in all of Morocco for shopping.
Around the old medina, you can easily find places where you can buy traditional Moroccan products, such as tajines, pottery, leather goods, nargilis and all sorts of bibelots, but it is all for tourists.
Goma is a tourist town located at the extreme east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, near Rwanda.
In 2002, Goma was destroyed by the lava of the Nyiragongo volcano which buried most of the city's streets, in particular the city centre.
While Goma is reasonably secure, all visits to the outside of Goma should be subject to investigation to understand the state of the fighting in the North Kivu province.
The city is also the starting point for the ascent of Nyiragongo volcano as well as for tracking gorillas in the mountains among the least expensive in Africa.
You can use boda-boda (motor taxi) to get around in Goma. The normal fare (local) is about 500 CFA francs for a short trip.
Combined with its relative inaccessibility, "Tombouctou" has become a metaphor for distant and exotic countries.
Tombouctou is a poor city, although its reputation as a tourist attraction makes it a popular destination.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List as a result of the threat of desert sands.
It was one of the main steps in the broadcast "Wonders of the African World" by Henry Louis Gates on PBS.
The city contrasts markedly with the rest of the country, for it has a more Arab style than African.
The Kruger National Park (KNP) is situated in the north-east of South Africa and runs along the border with Mozambique to the east, Zimbabwe to the north and the border south is the Crocodile River.
The total area of the park is 19 500 km2, divided into 14 ecozones, each of which contains a specific fauna.
This is one of the most famous South African theme parks and regarded as the jewel in the crown of South African National Parks (SANParks).
As for all South African national parks, there are daily entry fees and conservation rights.
It may be advantageous to obtain a Wild Card which enables you to visit certain South African national parks, as well as all South African national parks.
The name of Hong Kong Island is given to the territory of Hong Kong and represents the principal tourist attraction for many tourists.
The row of buildings that forms the horizon of Hong Kong was compared to a glittering bar chart, which is revealed by reflection in the harbour of Victoria.
To admire the most beautiful views of Hong Kong, leave the island and head to Kowloon's front beach located opposite.
The bulk of the urban development on Hong Kong Island is concentrated on the north-facing terraces.
This is the place that the British colonists have invested. Thus, it seems to me to be a good starting point if you are looking for evidence of the colonial past of this region.
The Sundarbans are the world’s largest mangrove forest belt, extending for 80 km (50 miles) from the coast to the hinterland of Bangladesh and India.
The Sundarbans were declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The part of the forest located on the Indian territory is called the Sundarbans National Park.
The forests are not, however, only composed of mangrove swamps: they also contain some of the last vestiges of the majestic jungles that covered the Gangetic plain once.
The Sundarbans cover an area of 3 850 km2, of which about one third is covered by water/wetlands.
Sundarbans is a nature reserve since 1966, you will find there about 400 Bengal tigers and 30 000 spotted deer.
Buses leave the district bus station (on the other side of the river) throughout the day, but most, in particular those that serve the east and Jakar/Bumthang, leave between 6 and 7 am.
Inter-city buses are often full, so it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Most districts are served by small Japanese ships, which are comfortable and robust.
The collective taxis are a quick and comfortable way to get to places close by, such as Paro (150 Nu) and Punakha (200 Nu).
The Oyapock Bridge is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River to link the cities of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint George's in Guyana.
The two towers rise to a height of 83 metres; they are 378 metres long and have three lanes of 3,50 metres wide.
The vertical clearance under the bridge is 15 metres. The structure was completed in August 2011, but it was opened to traffic only in March 2017.
The bridge should be fully operational by September 2017, when Brazilian customs posts will be completed.
The Guaraní were the most important indigenous group living in what is now the eastern Paraguay, living as semi-nomadic hunters and also practising subsistence agriculture.
Other tribes of indigenous peoples who populated the Chaco, such as the Guaycurú or the Payaguá, survived primarily by fishing, hunting, or gathering.
In 1516, Paraguay was born of the meeting of Spanish conquistadors and the indigenous peoples.
The Spanish inaugurated the period of colonisation, which lasted three centuries.
From the foundation of Asunción in 1537, Paraguay has managed to retain a large part of its indigenous character and identity.
Argentina is well known for having one of the best teams and among the best players in polo in the world.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on the polo fields of Las Cañitas.
In addition, smaller tournaments and matches are sometimes organised here at other times of the year.
For information on tournaments and places to buy tickets for polo matches, see the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of the Isle of Man is the Manx pound (FKP) which is equivalent to a pound sterling (GBP).
The money can be exchanged at the sole bank of the islands located at Stanley, opposite the FIC West shop.
The pound sterling is a widely accepted currency in the islands, while in Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are also often accepted.
On the nearby islands, credit cards will probably not be accepted, even if it is possible that British and American dollars will be accepted. Talk to the owners in advance about a payment method.
It is almost impossible to exchange money from the Maldives outside the islands, so change it before you leave the islands.
Montevideo being located in the southern hemisphere, the winter in the northern hemisphere corresponds to the summer there and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in a subtropical zone and summer temperatures exceeding 30 °C are common.
The winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely fall below zero, but wind and humidity combine to give the impression that it is colder than what the thermometer says.
There is no real season of 'rainy' and 'dry': the rainfall is pretty much constant throughout the year.
While many animals in the park are accustomed to seeing humans, it is still wildlife; please do not feed them or disturb them.
According to the park authorities, you must stay at least 100 metres away from bears and wolves and at least 25 metres away from all other wild animals!
As they may appear to be, the bison, the eagle, the lynx, the bear and almost all the great animals can attack.
Each year hundreds of visitors are injured because they did not keep a sufficient distance. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so give them some space.
In addition, know that odours attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid carrying or cooking odours-laden foods and keep the camp clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and is the official capital of Samoa since 1959.
The port was the site of a naval stalemate in 1889, when seven German, American and British ships refused to leave the port.
All the ships were sunk, apart from a British cruiser. Nearly 200 Americans and Germans lost their lives.
The Supreme Head Tupua Tamasese Lealofi III was assassinated during a peaceful gathering in the city, during the independence struggle organized by the Mau movement.
There are many beaches, because Auckland is on the border of two harbours. The most popular ones are in three zones.
The North Shore beaches are on the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Bay north to Devonport south.
Most of the beaches are sandy and allow safe swimming, and most are shaded by the Pohutukawa trees.
The Tamaki Drive beaches are on the Waitemata Harbour, in the chic suburb of Mission Bay and in the centre of Auckland.
The beaches are often very busy with families, and they have many shops along the coast. Swimming is safe.
The local beer is the 'Number One', a rather ordinary beer, but tasty and refreshing. There is also another local beer, the 'Manta'.
There are many French wines to taste, but the New Zealand and Australian wines may travel better.
You can drink the water from your local tap without any danger, but you can easily find bottled water if you have any concerns about it.
For Australians, the idea of a 'coffee cream' is foreign. A black short is an 'espresso', the cappuccino is filled with cream (not foam) and the tea is served without milk.
The hot chocolate is Belgian standard. The fruit juices are expensive but excellent.
Many voyages on the reef are undertaken throughout the year, and injuries caused by one of these causes on the reef are rare.
However, follow the advice of authorities, obey all signs and pay particular attention to safety warnings.
From October to April, the box jellyfish arrive near the beaches and estuaries of rivers. They can also sometimes be seen outside this period.
Sharks exist, but they rarely attack humans. Most of them are afraid of humans and would flee.
Salmon crocodiles do not live in the ocean, their main habitat is in estuary rivers north of Rockhampton.
Booking in advance gives the traveller the peace of mind that he will have somewhere to sleep once he arrives at his destination.
Travel agencies often have special agreements with specific hotels, but you can also book through travel agencies of other types of accommodation, such as camping sites.
Travel agencies usually offer packages including breakfast, transport from/to the airport or even packages combining flight and accommodation.
They can also hold your reservation for you if you need time to think about the offer or to procure other documents necessary for your destination (for example, a visa).
Any change or request must be made to the travel agency first and not directly to the hotel.
At some music festivals, the vast majority of participants decide to camp on site, and most consider that this is an integral part of the experience.
If you want to be close to the musical event you will have to arrive early to find a good camping site.
Don't forget that even if the main music concerts are over on the main stages, other music concerts can continue until late at night on other festival sites.
Some festivals have special family camping areas.
If you cross the north of the Baltic in winter, be sure to check the location of the hut, as the ice crossing can cause unbearable noises at the most exposed huts.
Cruises to St. Petersburg include time spent in the city. Passengers on cruise ships are exempt from the visa requirement (see the conditions).
Casinos generally make a great deal of effort to maximise the time and money spent by their customers. There are rarely windows and clocks, and exits can be difficult to spot.
They usually offer special offers of food, drink and entertainment to keep the guests happy and to keep them there.
On some sites, it is the premises that offer free alcoholic beverages. However, drunkenness impairs judgement, and all good players should know that it is crucial to remain sober.
Anyone who drives to high latitudes or crosses mountain passes must consider the possibility of snow, ice or cold temperatures.
On the icy roads and icy conditions, friction is low and you can't drive like you are on the asphalt.
While snowstorms can fall in a very short time enough snow to block you.
Visibility can also be limited by snow or sleet or by condensation or ice on windows of vehicles.
In addition, the presence of ice and snow is normal in many countries, and the traffic is practically continuous all year round.
Safaris are perhaps the most popular tourist attraction in Africa and the most memorable moment for many visitors.
In everyday parlance, the term'safari' refers to an African excursion, and in particular to an African safari, which is intended to witness the spectacular spectacle of wild animals in their natural habitat.
Some animals, such as elephants and giraffes, tend to approach close to cars and the standard equipment allows them to be observed.
Lion, leopard and lion-tailed leopards are sometimes timid and you will see them better with binoculars.
A walking safari (also known as 'walking safari', 'footing' or 'trekking') consists of walking, either for a few hours, or for several days.
The Paralympic Games will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held in other locations throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city to host two Summer Olympic Games, after hosting the Games in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the announcement of the postponement, you will be faced with a difficult situation.
The cancellation policies vary, but from mid-March most cancellation policies based on coronavirus do not extend to July 2020, the date at which the Olympic Games had been planned.
We expect that most events tickets will cost between 2,500 and 130,000 yens, typical tickets costing about 7,500 yens.
After washing the clothes, you can dry them more easily. Many hotels have irons and ironing boards that can be borrowed, even if there are no irons in the rooms. 
If you don't have a iron or if you don't want to wear ironed socks, you can try using a hairdryer, if you find one.
Avoid overheating the fabric (which can cause its shrinkage or in extreme cases, burn it).
There are different methods of water purification, including some that are more effective against specific threats.
In some areas, it is enough to boil the water for a minute; in others, it is necessary to boil it for several minutes. 
The effectiveness of filters varies, and if you have a problem, you should consider buying your water in a sealed bottle from a reputable company.
Travellers may encounter unfamiliar animals that they do not know in their home region.
Parasites can contaminate food, cause irritations or, in the most serious cases, cause anaphylactic reactions, spread venom or transmit infections.
Infectious diseases themselves, or dangerous animals which can wound or kill people by force, are not usually considered to be parasites.
In some areas, tax-free shops present an opportunity to buy goods exempt from taxes and duties.
Passengers travelling to countries where taxes are high can sometimes save a great deal of money, in particular on alcoholic beverages and tobacco. 
The Buffalo-Pittsburgh section of the interstate highway is the most difficult section of the highway to drive on, passing through isolated backcountry areas from time to time.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, keep your eyes open: the steep gradients, narrow roads and tight curves predominate.
Speed limits are lowered considerably in the previous sections and following – usually from 35 to 40 mph (56-64 km/h) – and stricter enforcement is still more important than before.
On the other hand, mobile phone coverage is surprisingly strong here than on many other parts of the road, for example the Pennsylvania Wilds.
German cakes are rather good, and in Bavaria, they are very rich and varied, very similar to those of their southern neighbour, Austria.
Fruit cakes are a traditional part of the diet: apples are baked and cooked in cakes all year round, while pears and plums are in season in summer.
Many German bakery products contain also almonds, walnuts and other nuts. Popular cakes often go well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small but tasty Berliners, try the Berliners, also known as Pfannkuchen or Krapfen, according to regions.
A curry is a dish made of herbs and spices, accompanied by meat or vegetables.
A curry dish can be solid or liquid, depending on the amount of sauce it contains.
Yogurt is commonly used in the north of India and Pakistan, and coconut milk is commonly used in the south of India and other coastal regions of the subcontinent.
Indonesia having 17 000 islands, the Indonesian cuisine is a generic term covering a wide variety of regional cuisines present in all of the country.
However, when this term is used without any other qualifying term, it tends to refer to foods from the central and eastern island of Java.
Now widely available throughout the archipelago, Javanese cuisine offers a range of simple dishes, the predominant flavours being nuts, peppers, sugar (especially coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
The stirrups are the feet of the rider, which hang from each side of the saddle.
They offer greater stability to the user, but they can pose a security problem: in fact, the user's feet can get stuck there.
If a horse is thrown from a horse, but has a leg caught in the stirrup, he could be dragged if the horse escapes. To minimise this risk, a number of safety measures can be taken.
Firstly, most of the horses wear riding boots with a flat sole and a smooth leather upper.
In addition, some saddles, in particular English saddles, have safety bars which allow a stirrup to fall off if it is pulled back by a rider who falls.
Valley of Cochamó – The Chilean destination of excellence for rock climbing, known as the Yosemite of South America, with many different granite faces and cliffs.
From the summits, the panoramas are spectacular. The world's alpinists are discovering new routes on the slopes, where the possibilities are limitless. 
Skiing and snowboarding are popular winter sports which involve sliding down a snowy slope with skis or snowboards attached to your feet.
Skiing is a major travel activity that has many fans, sometimes called'ski bums', who organise their holidays around skiing in specific places.
The idea of skiing is very ancient: there are paintings of prehistoric peoples showing skiers dating for some of 5 000 years ago!
Skiing as a sport dates back at least to the 16th century; the first ski club in a leisure sense was founded in 1861 in Australia by Norwegians. 
Skiing: this activity is also known as Nordic skiing, cross-country skiing or hiking. 
It looks like skiing in the alpine style, as well as alpine skiing, but it does not include these activities, which are practiced on rocky terrain and require the use of skis and boots much stiffer than those used for skiing on flat terrain
Think of skiing as a similar type of hiking route.
In good conditions you can walk a little further than you can on foot – but you will rarely reach the speeds of skiing without a heavy pack on a muddy slope.
The European Union is a relatively small continent, but containing many independent countries. In normal circumstances travelling through several countries involves several visa applications and several passport checks.
The Schengen area, however, works a little bit like one country in this regard.
As long as you remain within this zone you can usually cross the border without having to go through passport control.
In addition, having a Schengen visa you do not need to apply separately for each of the Member States of the Schengen area, which enables you to save time, money and administrative formalities.
There is no universally accepted definition of an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as antiquities.
The criteria vary according to the place where one is located; in some parts of the world, as in North America, the age limit may be lower than that in force in Europe. 
Artisanal products can be considered as antiques even if they are less ancient than similar industrial products.
The reindeer herding is an important means of subsistence for Samis and the culture surrounding this trade is of great importance to many other professions.
Although, according to tradition, all Samis did not engage in the large-scale reindeer farming, they lived off fishing, hunting and other similar activities, and used reindeer primarily as draught animals.
Today, many Samis practice modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in Lapland, the Sami region. 
While widely used, in particular among the non-Roma, the term 'Gitan' is often considered to be pejorative because of its association with negative stereotypes and an unfair image of the Roma people.
If your country is subject to a travel warning issued by your government, your overseas health insurance or travel cancellation insurance may be affected.
You can also consult other governments, but their advice is tailored to their citizens.
As an example, the citizens of the United States in the Middle East could be faced with different situations from those faced by Europeans or Arabs.
The opinions are only a brief summary of the political situation of a country.
The opinions presented are often superficial, general and too simplistic in relation to the more detailed information available elsewhere.
The violent weather is the generic term for all dangerous weather phenomena which may cause damage, social disruption or human life loss.
The weather conditions can be very unfavourable anywhere in the world, and they can be of several kinds, depending on the geographical, topographical and meteorological characteristics. 
Tornadoes, thunderstorms, heavy rainfall and fires are forms and effects of violent weather, just as hurricanes, tornadoes, cyclones and typhoons are.
Extreme weather phenomena, regional and seasonal, include severe winter storms, snowstorms with violent winds, and sandstorms or dust storms.
It is strongly recommended that travellers check the weather forecast for their destination region, knowing that it may have an impact on their itinerary.
Anyone contemplating travelling to a country which might be considered a war zone should be given a professional training.
A search on the internet for "Environmental hostile courses" will probably provide the address of a local company.
A course will cover the main points raised here in much more detail, usually with a practical experience.
A training course normally lasts for 2 to 5 days and includes role playing, lots of first aid, and sometimes a training in the use of weapons.
Wildlife survival books are commonplace, but war survival books are scarce.
Travellers who are planning to undergo a sex change abroad should ensure that they have valid travel documents for their return journey.
The desire of governments to issue passports with the sex not indicated (X) or to update documents to correspond to the desired name and sex varies.
The willingness of foreign governments to honour these documents varies.
The security checkpoints have also become much more intrusive in the post-11 September era.
Transsexual people in the pre-op phase should not be expected to pass the scanners in order to preserve their privacy and dignity.
Swells are the swells that return from the breaking waves, often on a reef or equivalent.
Because of the underwater topography, the return flow is concentrated on a few deeper sections, and a fast flow to deep waters can form.
In most cases, deaths are due to exhaustion which results from trying to swim against the current, which can be impossible.
When you leave the current, the return to swimming is not more difficult than usual.
You should try to aim for a place where you won't be caught again. It is also possible that, depending on your skills and whether you have been spotted or not, you may want to wait for help.
The reintegration shock occurs earlier than the cultural shock (the honeymoon phase is shorter), lasts longer and can be more severe.
Travellers who have had a hard time adapting to the new culture have sometimes a lot of trouble adapting to their original culture.
When you return home after living abroad you have already adapted to the new culture and have lost some of your old culture's habits.
At first, when you went abroad, people were probably patient and understanding, knowing that travellers in a new country must adapt.
People may not be anticipating that patience and understanding are also necessary for travellers and travellers returning home.
The show and light show at the Pyramid is one of the most interesting attractions for children in the region. 
You can see the pyramids in the dark and you can see them in silence before the show begins.
Often, you hear the sound of tourists and shopkeepers. The history of sound and light is like a history book.
The Sphinx is the backdrop and the narrator of a long story.
The scenes are displayed on the pyramids and the different pyramids are lit.
The Shetland Islands, discovered in 1819, are claimed by several nations and have the largest number of stations in 2020, with 16 active stations.
The archipelago is 120 km north of the mainland. The island of King George, with the village of Villa Las Estrellas, is the largest.
Other examples: Livingston Island and the disappointment, where the inland caldera of an active volcano offers a spectacular natural harbour.
Ellsworth Land is the eastern part of the peninsula, bounded by the Bellingshausen Sea.
The mountains of the peninsula sink into the plateau, then reappear to form the Ellsworth Range, a 360 km long and traversed by the Minnesota Glacier.
The northern chain, or Sentinel, contains the highest mountains of Antarctica, the Vinson massif, which stands at 4892 m.
In remote areas without cellular phone networks, you may have no other choice than to resort to satellite telephony.
A satellite phone does not replace a mobile phone, because you need to be outside and have a clear view of the satellite to make a call.
It is a service often used by navigation, including pleasure craft, as well as by expeditions which have data transmission and telephony needs.
Your local telecommunications operator should be able to tell you more about the connection to this service.
These people who plan a sabbatical have the opportunity to learn by travelling, and more and more of them choose this option. 
This formula is particularly popular with young people who leave school, because it allows them to take a year off before university, without undermining their studies.
Often, having taken a year off to study abroad can actually give you better chances of getting into university in your country.
Generally, you have to pay a fee to take these educational programmes.
Finland is a popular destination for sailing. The "Land of the thousand lakes" also has thousands of islands, in lakes and in coastal archipelagos.
You don't necessarily need a yacht in the archipelagoes and lakes. 
While the coastal islands and the largest lakes are in fact quite large enough for a boat, smaller boats or even a kayak offer a different experience.
Sailing is a national pastime in Finland, with a boat for seven or eight people.
Norway, Sweden and New Zealand are in the same situation, but apart from that, it is a unique case (in the Netherlands, for example, the figure is one to forty).
Most cruises on the Baltic Sea are characterised by a prolonged stay in St. Petersburg, in Russia.
It means that you can visit the historic city for a few days and return to sleep on the boat at night.
If you do not go to the ground with cruise excursions, you will not need a separate visa (from 2009).
The city of Berlin, in Germany, is mentioned in some brochures for cruises. As you can see from the map above, Berlin is not at all located near the sea and no visit to this city is included in the cruise price. 
Travelling by air can be a terrifying experience for all ages and backgrounds, especially if they have never flown before or have experienced a traumatic event.
It is not shameful: it is not different from the fears and fears of personal things that many people have about other things.
Some people find it helpful to understand something about the workings of aircraft and what happens during a flight to help overcome an unknown fear or the feeling of not having control.
The transport companies are well paid to deliver fast. In many cases, in urgent repairs, the question of time is crucial for documents, goods or spare parts that relate to them.
On some routes, the big companies have their own aircraft, but on other routes and for small companies there has been a problem.
If they had shipped goods by airfreight, on some routes, it would have taken days to clear customs and the airline.
The only way to do it was to send it as a registered baggage. The airline regulations will not allow them to send a bag without a passenger, and that's where you come in.
The easiest way to travel first class or business class is to pay a large sum of money for this privilege (or, better still, ask your company to do it for you).
However, it is not cheap: in general you can expect to pay up to four times the normal business fare and eleven times for first class!
Generally, it is pointless to seek to obtain reductions for business or first class seats on direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know very well that they can count on a certain type of passengers who are prepared to pay very high prices for the privileges of speed and comfort, and they set their prices accordingly. 
The capital of the Moldavian Republic is Chişinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is very common.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state which is suffering from ethnic conflicts.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of the proclaimed republic of Transnistria in the eastern part of Moldova, with its own government and its own currency, but recognised by no member of the United Nations.
The economic links have been restored between these two parts of the Moldavian Republic despite the failure of political negotiations.
The main religion in Moldova is the Orthodox Christianity.
With a population of 3.7 million, Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey, the second port after Istanbul, and a good platform for correspondence.
The ancient city of Smyrna is today a modern commercial centre, developed and vibrant, located around an enormous bay, surrounded by mountains.
The wide boulevards, the glass buildings and the modern shopping centres are dotted with traditional red tiled roofs, the old market of the 17th century, and old mosques and churches, although the city has a Mediterranean atmosphere reminiscent of Turkey rather than traditional Anatolia.
Haldarsvík is a small village on the island of Eysturoy and it has an unusual octagonal church.
In the cemetery there are interesting marble sculptures depicting doves on some graves.
It is worth walking for half an hour in this fascinating village.
The romantic and fascinating city of Sintra, located north, is easily accessible and has been made famous to foreigners by the vivid account of its splendour that it has given by Lord Byron.
The bus 403 from Scotturb travels regularly to Sintra, with a stop at Cabo da Roca.
Don't miss out on visiting the beautiful Fatima shrine (temple), a world-famous place for the appearances of Mary.
Don't forget that you are visiting a mass grave, as well as a site which has a very significant meaning for a significant part of the world's population.
There are still many people alive who survived their stay here, and many others who saw their loved ones murdered or killed by forced labour, Jews or not Jews, regardless of their religion.
Please treat the site with the dignity, solemnity and respect it deserves. Do not make jokes about the Holocaust or the Nazis.
Don't deface the site by defacing or scratching graffiti on the structures.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, a large majority understands it, and almost everyone is able to speak Spanish.
However, most of the panels are only in Catalan, because the law establishes that it is the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other installations.
Regular announcements in the metro are made only in Catalan, but unpredictable disruptions are announced by an automated system in many languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
The Parisians are reputed to be egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Although this stereotype is often inaccurate, the best way to get along in Paris is to behave well, act like someone of good manners. This will make your travels much easier.
The abrupt exteriors of Parisians disappear quickly if you show a modicum of courtesy.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is densely wooded, mainly of beech, oak and pine, and presents a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
The country has a great variety of plant communities due to the diversity of its microclimates, soils and altitudes.
The region also houses a very large variety of animals and birds.
Animals such as the European brown bear, the wolf, the owl, the lynx, the wild cat, and the great tit can be seen, as well as many common species.
When they visit a monastery, women must cover their knees and have their shoulders covered as well.
Most monasteries provide shawls to women who arrive without anything, but if you bring your own shawl, and if it is brightly coloured, you will get a smile from the monk or nun at the gate.
As men must wear trousers that cover the knees.
You can also borrow this dress from the rack at the entrance, but as it is not washed after each use, it may be that you do not feel comfortable wearing these skirts. A single size for men!
Majorcan cooking is based on bread, vegetables and meat (mainly pork), and relies on olive oil.
A simple and popular dinner, especially in summer, is Pa amb Oli: bread with olive oil, tomato and all the available condiments, such as cheese, tuna, etc.
All names, followed by the word Sie which means you, begin with a capital letter, even in the middle of a sentence.
It is a good way of distinguishing between some verbs and objects.
It can also be said that it facilitates reading, although writing is somewhat complicated by the need to know whether a verb or an adjective is used as a substantive form.
The pronunciation is relatively easy in Italian, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
The main letters to watch are the c and the g, because their pronunciation varies depending on the following vowel.
Please also ensure that you pronounce 'r' and 'rr' distinctly: 'caro' means 'dear', while 'carro' means 'chariot'.
The Persian has a relatively easy grammar and most of the time regular.
In other words, the reading of this introduction to Persian grammar would help you to learn a lot about Persian grammar and better understand the phrases.
It is obvious that if you know a Romance language you will be able to learn Portuguese.
However, those who speak a little Spanish might conclude prematurely that the Portuguese is sufficiently close to Spanish to be studied separately.
Premodern observatories are generally out of date today, and remain as museums or educational sites.
As pollution from light in the past was not as serious as it is today, they are usually located in cities or on campuses, easier to access than those built in the modern era.
Modern astronomical research facilities are enormous infrastructures placed in remote regions where the conditions are favourable.
The contemplation of cherry blossoms, known as hanami, is a Japanese tradition dating back to the eighth century.
The concept came from China where the plum blossom was the favourite flower.
In Japan, the first Cherry Blossom Festivals were held by the Emperor only for himself and the other members of the close circle around the Imperial Court.
Plants are most beautiful when they are in their natural environment, resist the temptation to take just one.
If you visit a strictly-designed garden, the collection of "specimens" will also make you evict without discussion.
Singapore is generally regarded as a very safe place, where it is very easy to move around, and where you can buy almost everything you need once you arrive there.
But, located in the 'high latitudes' at only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to adapt to the heat (always) and to a strong solar radiation (when the sky is clear, which is more rare).
There are also some buses that go north to Hebron, the traditional burial place of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and their wives.
Check that the bus you are thinking of taking will take you to Hebron and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kyriat Arba.
Interior waterways can be an excellent theme for holidays.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley or taking a cruise along the Erie Canal or taking a boat along the canal Erie.
They also set out the routes for popular walking and cycling trails.
Christmas is one of the most important Christian festivals, it celebrates the birth of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with these festivals have also been adopted by non-believers in Christian countries and by non-believers in the world at large.
It is customary to spend the night of Easter awake in a place exposed to the sun to see the sunrise.
There are certainly Christian theological explanations for this tradition, but it could well be that it is a pre-Christian spring ritual.
Traditional churches often organise a Easter vigil on Saturday night during the Easter weekend, the congregations often breaking into the party at midnight to celebrate the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that have arrived on these islands have arrived by water, by swimming or by board craft, or by air.
Because of the great distance between the islands, the giant tortoise has been the main animal of pasture for the Galapagos.
From the arrival of man to the Galapagos, many mammals have been introduced, including cattle, horses, cows, pigs, cats and dogs.
If you visit the arctic or antarctic regions in winter, you will be able to see the polar night, during which the sun does not rise above the horizon.
It is a good opportunity to admire the auroras, because the sky will be dark practically all day.
As the regions are sparsely populated, and that light pollution is not a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese culture is more hierarchical and formal than that which Westerners can be accustomed to.
The costumes are classic workwear, and the staff are called by their first names or by their job titles.
Working harmoniously at work is crucial, because it puts the emphasis on collective effort rather than on individual achievement.
Workers must often obtain their superiors' agreement for any decision they take and are expected to obey their superiors' instructions without asking questions.
