Now we have four-month old mice, who don't have diabetes anymore", he added.
According to a warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and chairman of clinical-scientific department of Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still in the early stages.
As with some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already developed.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature, publicly announced during a radio broadcast on Sveriges that the committee, which has not been able to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016, has ceased attempts to contact him.
Danius said: "At the moment we do nothing. I called and sent emails to his closest employee and received very friendly answers. At the moment, of course, this is enough.
The previous General Director of Ring Jamie Sinofsky noted that this company began with the fact that he did not hear the doorbell in his garage.
He said he created a doorbell that works with WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance in the show "Shark Tank" in 2013 where the judges refused to fund his startup.
At the end of 2017 Siminoff appeared on the retail channel QVC.
In addition, Ring settled the legal dispute with the competitors, security firm ADT Corporation.
Although there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce the mortality from the Ebola virus, there is no drug that has shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but official studies showed that it had less benefit in preventing death than previously expected.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control, meaning that the researchers used it as a basis and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and agrees with the absolute necessity of creating a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more properly belong to reform within our organization, rather than cancellation of its certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how such a widespread, so bravely described by survivors Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all appropriate and necessary changes in this case.
The United States Gymnastics Federation and the United States Olympic Committee have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes could pursue their goals in a safe, positive environment and were granted all rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski was a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976, Carter was consulting Carter on foreign policy. Then from 1977 to 1981 he worked as a national security advisor, replacing Henry Kissinger.
As a foreign policy advisor, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the signing of Camp David agreements in 1978, normalizing Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, formulating policy towards the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
This movie starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won nominations in all major categories.
Goll and Stone received nominations for the best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to other categories: "Best picture", "Director", "Operator work", "Cinematography", "Costume design", "Montage film", "Original music", "Artistic director", "Sound", "Original script.
Two songs from the movie – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
Late at night on Sunday, the US president Donald Trump through his press secretary said that the US troops will leave Syria.
The statement was made after Trump had a telephone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will play a major role in the question of the return of captured ISIS fighters, which, according to the statement, European countries have not agreed to return home.
It also confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not available from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
The scientists say that the feathers of this animal were of a brownish-khaki color on top, and of a pale or yellowish color on the bottom.
The find also allows you to familiarize yourself with the evolution of feathers in birds.
As for the feathers of dinosaurs, there is no well-developed quill, called rachis, but still there are other distinguishing features — bristles and bristles — researchers came to the conclusion that rachis, probably, appeared later by evolution of
The structure of feathers leads to the conclusion that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. Researchers have suggested that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample is presented adult feathers, not feathers
The researchers speculated that despite the fact that this tail is a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not feathers of a chick.
Yesterday morning near the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey) a car was set on fire, resulting in the death of 2 policemen and more than 20 people were injured.
The governor's office said that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
Police said that the suspect in the attack was a suspected member of Daesh (ISIL).
They found that the Sun works in the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that all stars in the system are determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total luminosity and rotation is used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The less number of Rossby, the less active the star is in relation to the magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki often got into trouble during travel.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
Standard 802.11n works on both frequencies - 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual receiver.
802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with the maximum theoretical throughput of 600Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two grown-up children, did not impress Miller, who was told this story.
When Miller asked for comment, he said: "Mike talks a lot during hearings... I was prepared, so I didn’t really listen to what he was saying.
We will take measures to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 in comparison with 2005 level," said Hu.
He does not name the figure for cuts in budgets, saying that they will be made on the basis of the productivity of the Chinese economy.
Hu called developing countries "to avoid the old pattern in which they first pollute, and then clean up.
He added that "they, however, should not be asked to take on responsibilities that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
In the report there is a sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive power in relation to Iraq and a call for immediate change of course.
First among 78 recommendations is that we should implement a new diplomatic initiative by the end of this year to strengthen the Iraqi borders to prevent hostile intervention and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the cost of providing financial aid and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal" by President Bush.
Liberal criticism of the efforts to restore concentrated on the fact that the contracts for restoration works were given presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to attend the funeral of a man.
The number of people present was so great that not all could get to St. Peter's Square, where the funerals were taking place.
In various places in Rome large television screens were installed, so that people could watch the ceremony.
Like these platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities of Italy and in other countries, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past FBI policy of focusing most of its resources on easy cases, especially on cases of car theft, in order to increase the agency's success rate.
The Congress began funding the initiative to fight pornography in 2005 tax year and set that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to fight adult pornography.
Robin Wathapa has scored the most points in an inning: 70 for 41 serves, dealt 11 quads and 2 sixes.
The middle-distance strikers Tandulkar and Rakhul Dravid have performed well and earned a score of 100 points in tandem.
However, after losing the gate captain India made only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for the completion of innings.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
His welcome was received by the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
After a week of defeats on the interim elections, Bush announced to the public that he was expanding trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for a second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Layton in the Ottawa Union
Leighton asked for changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since then, the federal government intervened and took on the financing of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the government of the state and some members of the federal parliament criticized this action as a ruse in the prelude to federal elections which
But the Premier John Howard said that it was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the government of Tasmania by way of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest monitoring data, the sea level was indicating the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Pahoa and Niue.
The Tonga government has not received any reports of serious damage or of any casualties, but there has been a temporary power outage, which, according to information available, has prevented the Tonga government from receiving a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center
Thirteen schools in Hawaii, located on the coast or near it, were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of warnings.
President Bush welcomed this statement.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Today in the Atlantic Ocean formed a subtropical cyclone Jerry, it is the tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at the moment Jerry is not a threat to land.
According to the US Army's Chief of Engineers, 6 inches of rainfall could have breached damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, flooded to 20 ft during Hurricane Katrina, is now knee-deep in water because the levee, located nearby, was insufficiently high to hold water.
The water flows over the dam on a 100 foot stretch.
The administrator of Commons Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment at the deletions in his conversation with Wikinews in the past month.
He [Wales] lied to us from the beginning. First, acting as if it was necessary to do this for legal reasons. Second, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images.
Concern among the public led to the fact that in the present case measures are being taken to develop a regulation on the content of sexually explicit material for this website, where millions of media materials are licensed under an open license
The work was mainly theoretical, but the programme was written to imitate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
So also the Moon attracts the Earth, causing tides, and the Milky Way influences the galaxy in the constellation of the S
The scientists concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as it does with ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a significant portion of the dark matter around the Galaxy is in the form of an ellipse and consists of a
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station to remain in their rooms, turn off air conditioners and not drink water from the tap.
According to the Nuclear Management of Japan, the factory was found to contain radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities are assuming that this indicates a possible leak and a rupture in the containers containing uranium fuel on the site.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll discovered a highly resistant form of tuberculosis (XDR-TB).
He said in an interview that the new strain "causes very big concerns, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients could get infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were healthcare workers in the hospital.
One year infected person can infect 10 to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with tuberculosis with multidrug-resistant TB in a whole group of TB patients is still low; 6000 of the total 330 000 TB patients in South Africa at the moment." #
Satellites, each weighing more than 1 000 pounds and moving at a speed of approximately 17 500 miles per hour, collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion that was caused by the collision was very powerful.
They are still trying to determine how big the collision was and how much damage Earth will suffer.
The Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense is looking for the remains of the plane.
Analysis results:
The charge of murder in the aggravated circumstances will be brought against the doctor who worked in the Pediatric Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, after Wednesday her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car, state authorities in Ohio.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, found in Blue Ash (Ohio), suburb of about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He lay on the ground next to the road in a football shirt and underwear and, apparently, in a state of
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found the body of 53-year-old Saroj Balasubramanian, covered in bloody sheets.
Police said that the body, probably, was there for about a day.
About the first cases of illness in this season was informed in July.
Transmitters are swine, from which the disease is then transmitted to man.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as setting up traps for pigs in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines in historically most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
Slane moved to Sweden in 1956, where he worked for Swedish Post for three years, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detail, that he is one of the few "collectable names" among philatelists. Some specialize only in collecting
His magnificent thousand-mark of the year 2000 reproduces "Great deeds of the Swedish kings" David-Clecker Ernestral, it is entered in the Guinness Book of World
In addition, he was engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his works are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada denominated 5
After the accident Gibson was taken to the hospital, but soon died.
64-year-old driver of a truck in an accident did not suffer.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident on the same day around 12:00 GMT.
A person working in the garage near the place where the accident happened said: "There were children waiting to cross the road. All of them were crying and wailing.
All ran away from the place where the accident happened.
Other issues on the agenda include the preservation of the remaining in the world forests and the exchange of technology to help the developing countries with less harmful impacts.
The United Nations hopes to complete the creation of a fund to help countries suffering from global warming to combat its consequences.
These funds can be used for building houses, resistant to floods, rational use of water resources and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion because of the numerous positive comments and support she received from both women and men, who argued that contraceptives should be considered as a medical necessity.
When the fight stopped, after the wounded were taken to the hospital, there were still about 40 prisoners left in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
At 10:00 pm in the mountain time, the prisoners set a fire in the yard.
In a short time, the guards in protective gear passed into the yard and locked up the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
In the result of the fire brigade was extinguished at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, seasonal floods, spreading deposits, ceased.
This sediment was required for the formation of beaches and sandy shores, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two species of fish, and two other, including the toothed pike, were put under threat of extinction.
Despite the fact that the water level will rise only a few feet, the authorities are hoping that this will be enough to restore the washed-out sandbars below the river." #
There were no warnings of tsunami and according to a report from the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the magnitude of the earthquake was not reached 6.5 points.
Although there is no threat of tsunami, residents started panicking and leaving their companies and their homes.
While Whitney Houston was ready to shed a tear during her farewell, she gave to understand that she would return.
This will not be a farewell. It is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
Based on the final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia, President Hficenupne Pohamba was re-elected with a large majority.
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan forces advanced to the area to protect the object, and another aircraft was sent to provide support.
The fall took place in the highlands, and it is believed that it was the result of enemy fire.
The attempts to conduct a search for the crash site encounter poor weather conditions and difficult terrain.
The World Health Organization (WHO) and Doctors Without Borders (MSF) said the outbreak was the worst in the country's history.
The representative of the organization "Doctors without borders" Richard Winman said: "Angola is going to its worst outbreak in all of its history, and the
Matches started at 10:00 with a beautiful weather, and if not counting the rainy morning, which quickly passed, this was an ideal day for rugby-7.
The favorites of the tournament from South Africa started with a correct note, when they won a beautiful victory with a score of 26-00 over Zambia, which is on the fift
Looking clearly worse in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defense, mastery of the ball and superior teamwork, and it was clear that it would be difficult to beat this team.
Officials of the Dutch authorities and the Anne Frank House say the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public danger, because there is a direct threat of its
His plan was to be cut on Tuesday, but by the emergency court it was saved.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave named "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100 meters (328 feet).
According to infrared images, the night and day temperatures tell us that it is most likely caves.
They are colder than the surrounding surface at daytime, and warmer at night.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of the large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they are in line with what is deep in the ground," Glenn Cushing, a planetary geologist with the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, Flagstaff, Arizona, told the Associated Press.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted low-tech methods: the voter closes in the booth and puts in advance printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate chosen, in the envelope.
After the officials verify the identity of the voter, he drops the envelope in the ballot box and signs in the voters’ list.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988, the voting boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers could be sure that at the beginning of the vote there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes added to them other than envelopes of those people who were allowed to participate in the vote and the votes of which were counted properly.
Candidates can send their representatives to monitor the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict medical supervision according to a special procedure.
The ASUS Eee PC series, previously presented in the whole world with an orientation on such factors as cost-saving and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market for laptops will change radically after the award of the company ASUS Taiwan for stability by the People's Republic of China in 2007.
The website of the station describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted view!".
In the early period of its existence, this show was broadcast only on the website of a long-standing online radio TogiNet Radio, dedicated to radio discussions
TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station in 2015.
The show was originally acted by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, mass looting continued all night, because there were no police officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being submerged in anarchy, as groups of people ran around the streets and robbed shops with consumer goods
Some part of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of lawlessness.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three nations rugby union on the Royal Bafokeng stadium in Rustenburg
The final score was one point, 21 to 20, which ended the winning streak of All Blacks in 15 games.
For "Spingbox" this stopped a five-match losing streak.
This match was the last for "All Blacks", who won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be held in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the next week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
The USGS and its National Seismic Information Center (NSIC) did not receive any urgent messages about damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 mi) north-east of Dillton and about 65 km (40 mi) south-east of
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
France is the seventh country in the EU to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Since the outbreaks in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Cumbers filed a lawsuit against God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
The agnostic William Quenby asserts that his appeal is "merely a frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone for anything.
The story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, tells about the artist, "whose life is controlled by love to drugs and to Japan.
In the end, actors smoke joints with marijuana on stage, and the theater encourages the audience to join.
Former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich, Governor of Texas Rick Perry and Congressman Michael Bachman occupied the fourth, fifth and sixth places
After the results were known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he harshly criticized Romney, for whom in Iowa was broadcast negative information against Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today's party convention and determine whether or not he should continue his campaign, but later said he would continue his campaign and will participate in the primary elections in South Carolina on January 21st.
Bachman, who won the August poll in Ames, decided to end his campaign.
Photographer was brought to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he later died.
According to the police report, he was 20 to 30 years old. Bieber said: "While I was not present at the tragic incident and was not directly involved in it, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
TMZ reports that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police stopping him, before he was forced to go back over the road and continue.
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer is likely to not be charged with a criminal offence.
In view of the fact that in one day one could win only eighteen medals, a number of countries did not manage to be crowned with the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Anna Joosten, who yesterday finished ninth in the women's super giant slalom, and Finland with Kaisa Saarinen, who finished tenth in the same competition.
Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish line eleventh in men's super-G races in the standing class. Czech Oleg Elynek came to the finish line sixteenth in men's standing super-G
Arli Veloce from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the super-giant standing in the position of sitting. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the standing standing in the position of standing.
The Polish skier with a visual impairment Mateus Kryzel and the leader of the team Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the super giant among men sitting.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010, are accused of spreading a disease that began nearby their military camp.
According to the suit, the UN waste from the camp was not properly sanitized, resulting in the bacteria entering the river Artibonite, one of the largest in Haiti.
The country of Haiti has not faced any problems with this disease since the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy said it had relied on an independent study that suggested that the UN peacekeeping force had unintentionally brought disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, an expert of the United Nations on the disease, said that the outbreak may have been caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the Howard University Hospital in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria, where several cases of infection with ebola virus have been reported.
In the hospital, the infection control protocol was followed, including separate patient care to prevent possible infection of other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on several positions on several shows.
In the 1980’s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "The Happy Company" and "Tressie Ullman Show.
In 1989, together with Brooks and Groening, he helped create "Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for this series.
While he left the show in 1993, he remained an executive producer and still received paychecks of tens of millions of dollars each season.
The Chinese news agency "Xinhua" reported that the plane was stolen.
Earlier it was reported that the plane was threatened with a bomb and it was turned back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In the early messages it is said that the aircraft returned to Afghanistan after it was refused an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air crashes are a common occurrence in Iran, where the country's aging air fleet is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new aircraft.
Around the same time, in the aftermath of a police helicopter crash, three people were killed and three more were injured.
Last year in Iran, the worst in years air disaster occurred when a plane that was to fly to Armenia crashed, killing 168 people, on board.
In the same month another airliner crashed outside the runway in Meshkat and hit a wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
Rock band was supposed to tour the USA and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after singer Steve Tyler received a broken leg during a concert on August 5th.
Murray dropped the first set in the tie-break after both men were blocking all the serves in the set.
Del Potro had an early advantage in the second set, but it also required a tie-break after reaching 6-6.
At the moment, Potro was provided with medical assistance for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The program began at 8:30 pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began singer Sanju Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chawda. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan also. He accompanied the singer Raju
Then Lakhas Singh took over the leadership in singing bhajans.
The grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother of the grandmother
Lakkha Singh performed the bhajan bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal sang with him.
President Nintendo Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new gaming console Nintendo Revolution at the main presentation of the "Tokyo Game Show
The controller, which looks like a television remote control, uses two sensors, located next to the television user, which calculates his position in three-dimensional space." #
By moving the device in the air players will be able to control the actions and movements in video games.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso in the result of damage to the suspension, caused by numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well-sung," he said, referring to the press conference transcript.
I was completely sincere when we rehearsed it.
Approximately three minutes after the launch, the flight camera showed, as many pieces of insulation foam flew off the fuel tank.
However, it is assumed that they did not cause any damage to the spacecraft.
The head of the NASA shuttle program, Neil A. Walsh, Jr., said the foam broke off "after a period of time that causes our concern.
Five minutes before the fireworks started the wind increased, then it reached 70 kilometres per hour... Then started to rain, so heavy and large, as if you are being hit by needles, then from the sky fell a rain, people were screaming and bumping each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two wheelchair people, people just jumped over them and pushed them", - said Arman Versace.
NHK also reported that Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in Niigata prefecture, was operating in the standard mode.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. reported no significant consequences of the earthquake, and said that the reactors No. 1 and No. 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to reports, about 9400 homes in the region remain without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas, railway communication and the airport of Noto in Ishikawa prefecture is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the governor-general.
Three more bombs were detonated near government buildings within two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals, died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and melamine
The researchers at the University of California reported that these two compounds are able to form crystals that can block the function of the kidneys
In the observation, the researchers found crystalline formations, occurring in cat urine when adding cianuric acid and melamine." #
Infrared Fourier-transform spectroscopy revealed that the crystals in the urine of the infected animals were similar to those found
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but a large portion of the goods from Central America was imported into this country without
Still, eighty percent of our products were subject to tax according to the tariffs in Central America.
It didn’t seem to make sense to me; of course it wasn’t fair.
I tell people that you will be treated as you treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill, banning the sale or rental of video games to minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence be sold in the state of California with a sticker on which is written "18", and that the sale of games to minors is punishable by a fine of 1000 USD for each offence
Today, at about 9:30 a.m., the Attorney General of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Mr. Kier Starmer, has announced that he has opened a criminal investigation into both Hun and Preys.
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Minister Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister of Business.
Huhn and Price must appear before the Magistrates' Court in Westminster on February 16,
The two men were killed when their car was hit by a truck.
Edgar Velilla received injuries to his hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
The weapon of the Uki failed to fire when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind in one eye, he has a part of his skull missing, and his
Schneider gave her testimony via video link from the USAF base at home.
In addition to competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter took part in two individual competitions at the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in the first race in which she did not finish the race. 36 of 116 participants had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the position of sitting with a combined time of 4:41,30. On 1:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 minutes slower than the ninth-
Four skiers in the women's seated group were unable to complete their runs, and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom were unable to take places in the race.
Police of the state of Madhya Pradesh returned the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Assistant general inspector D. K. Arya said: "We arrested five people who raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The police chief Chandra Shekhar Solanka said that the accused were presented before the judges with closed faces.
Although inside the building at the time of the crash were three people, nobody was injured.
But the driver received serious head injuries.
Road, where the accident happened, temporarily closed, while the rescue services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
He was initially admitted to the James Pedestrian Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
In the aftermath he was moved to the Adenbrook Hospital in Cambridge.
In the course of the trial, the Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adeke with the murder of her son.
She is being held in custody awaiting the issuance of her charge and the conduct of a trial, however any testimony given by her may be distorted as her popularity was
It is a common practice in other parts of the United Kingdom, but the Scottish justice system works differently, and courts found publishing photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson from Dundee University notes that "journalists, apparently, really walk on dangerous ground, publishing photographs and other data about suspects.
The Royal Court of Justice, which generally handles criminal proceedings, said it would not make any further comment at least until a verdict is handed down.
A document, according to leaks, will deal with the border dispute between the Palestinians and Israel.
Other topics touched include the future state of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PNA is willing to keep such presence for only five years.
The arrows that participated in the additional test on the fight against pests had to be under close supervision of rangers, because this test was under the supervision and evaluated its effectiveness.
In the framework of the partnership of NPWS and the Australian Sports Shooters Association (NSW) during the hunting program of the Australian Sports Shooters were qualified volunteers.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Marthei yesterday appointed a temporary election council (VIS), consisting of nine members.
This is the fifth CEP Martie for four years.
Last month the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Election Council to resign as part of the package of measures for the country to move to new elections.
The commission was a response to the mass protests against the state regime, which began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the non-conduct of elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPod devices were received, resulting in six fires and four people received minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) said it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week, the Ministry of Economy, Labour and Industry announced that Apple informed him of 34 additional cases of overheating, which the company called "minor.
The ministry said the delay in the Apple report was "very unfortunate".
At 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said that there were no reports of damage caused by the storm.
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there were no signs of a tsunami.
A former Filipino policeman stole a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza shot from his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six hostages have been rescued, and at least six have been declared dead at this time.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took their place at the old woman, because she had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was shot." #
Liggins went down the father's path and began his career in medicine.
He received a medical degree and started working at the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When Liggins worked in a hospital, in his spare time he began to investigate cases of premature birth." #
His research showed that if you give a hormone, it will increase the development of lungs in the fetus." #
As reported by Xinhua, on Wednesday the government investigators found two flight recorders or, in other words, 
Restaurateurs also paid tribute to the Moon.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Dustin "Gould" Rannels said: "The moon was as crazy as I was... Possibly even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place.
Of the 1400 people surveyed in the run-up to federal elections in 2010, the number of those who are opposed to Australia becoming a republic has risen from 2008 by 8 percent.
The acting prime minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of respondents share this view and want the Queen Elizabeth II to become the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29 percent of respondents believed Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent believed that it did not need this form of government.
Olympic gold medallist was supposed to participate in the 100 and 200 m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He could not take the necessary drugs for pain relief, because they are prohibited in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the Central Missouri University, 25 January opened the largest simple number known to date.
Tuesday was announced that a few people confirmed this opening by using different hardware and software.
Possibly, comets were the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic substances that may form proteins and support life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets form, especially how Earth formed, because comets have collided with Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumono started his work as governor in the beginning of this year and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the past month.
He called these rumors "political chatter and foolishness.
It is assumed that he will be running for president in 2016
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States, will allow planes to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, as well as reduce carbon
She uses satellite technology instead of the old ground based radar technology, which will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
To Wembley no additional transport is being launched, there will be no stopping of on-ground trains, apart from that there are no parking and pick-up points.
Concerns about the lack of transport led to the assumption that the game might have to be played behind closed doors without fans.
In the description of the research published in Science, it is said that there is a new type of birds on the Galapagos islands." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's finch Geospiza fortes with the introduced conirostris finch Geospiza conirostris, a new species e
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
It can be drawn into thin wire, which can be braided and plaited. It can be struck or rolled into rolls.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used to decorate hand-painted illustrations in books – so-called "frontispiece" manuscript.
It's called pH of a chemical substance. You can make an indicator with the juice of red cabbage.
Cabbage juice changes colour depending on the acidity or alkalinity of the chemical.
The pH of a chemical substance is determined by the amount of hydrogen ions (H) present.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Get a new mix, mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and roll out this mixture into a ball." #
The moisture on your hands will enter into a reaction with the upper layer, which will be unusual, then form a kind of shell." #
Almost in every town of Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro was a toilet with a flush, connected to a complex sewer
The remains of sewer systems were discovered in the houses of Minoan cities on the islands of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Toilets were also in Ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed together
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
Satellite in space receives a call and virtually instantaneously reflects it back down.
Satellite was launched into space by rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space, because the atmosphere of Earth in some way distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope, a giant rocket is required that is 100 feet high.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing that wheel has given us, — it has made it much easier and faster for us to transport.
It gave us a train, a car and many other transport vehicles.
Underneath them there are more cats of medium size, which eat small prey from rabbits to deer and antelopes.
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, snakes and birds.
Their secret of success is the niche concept, special work that each cat performs, which keeps him from competition with other.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called prides.
The Pride includes one to three adult males, in the same family, and females and their offspring, which can reach up to thirty.
The females usually live together in the same family and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions herds behave very much like packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a complete athlete, tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump over long distances and pull with five strong people.
Tiger belongs to the same genus (Panthera), as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger's growl is not like the full-throated growl of a lion, but more like the shouting of unintelligible words.
Orcas love to eat small animals. If the opportunity presents itself, they will catch monkeys, snakes, lizards and birds. Almost all animals, on which the orca hunts, are much smaller than him.
The scientists believe that the otters follow the trail of animals and find their prey by smell, tracking their movements on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable move." "Оцелоты" - это не только название группы, но и название одного из видов животных.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than that in which they were previously.
Other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes, compared to those that it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed much — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As the new population begins to adapt to the new environment, it begins to look less and less like the rest of the population.
In time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, which is the essential consequence of evolution and is extremely important.
Plants produce oxygen, which the human breathes, and absorb carbon dioxide, which the human exhales.
The plants are fed by the sun by means of photosynthesis. In addition, they cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The mosaic was the most dangerous predator of its time, so it did not fear anybody but other mosaics.
His long jaws were full of more than 70 sharp teeth, as well as a further row on the roof of the mouth, so that those who met him were not saved.
We know not for certain, but it is possible that his language was doubled. He ate large fish, other crustaceans, and, perhaps, was a carnivore." #
He also attacked everything that was in the water; even the mighty dinosaur, such as the Tyrannosaurus Rex, could not compare with him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, there were some strange and unusual dishes served at banquets. For example, a deer, a fox, a mouse and a kind of rodent, such as a mole.
There was another difference: while the poor people and women ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have joint feasts, during which they ate, lying on their sides.
The Roman diet could not include products that were imported from America or Asia in the subsequent centuries.
In particular, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had ever tasted beef.
Babylonians built each of the gods a main temple, considered to be the dwelling of the god.
People sacrificed to gods, and priests tried to please the gods at ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had a covered temple courtyard and a sanctuary within which the priests could enter only.
Sometimes the temples were built with special towers in the form of pyramids called "Ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special temple for the god.
In the warm climate of the Near East, the house was not of great importance.
The majority of Jewish family life was spent outdoors.
Women prepared in the yard; the shops were open shelves, which were out on the street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
There were no great forests in the land of Canaan, so wood was extremely expensive.
Grenada was sparsely populated. In the Norse sagas it is said that Erik the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder and that he moved on to the west and opened Grenada and gave
But regardless of his discovery, at that time there already lived the Eskimos.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you watched the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you may think that on the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence was a map of treasure.
But that's not true. Although something is written on the back of the document, that's not a map of treasures.
The Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4th, 1776. The text was written on the bottom of the document and upside down.
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document (size 293⁄4 x 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage
Thus, it is highly likely that the entry was added simply as a note.
The operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles freed the north of France, but the south was still not freed.
He was under the control of "Vichy" Frenchmen. These Frenchmen, signed a peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked together with the invaders instead of opposing them.
The invasion of southern France was called "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks, the Free French and the Americans liberated the south of France and headed for Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the members of which are a relatively large group of people who live and work together, a society.
The word 'civilization' comes from the latin 'civis', which means 'citizen' and is related to the latin words civis, meaning 'citizen', and civitas, meaning 'city' or 'city-state
Cities-states are the precursors of nations. Civilizational culture involves the transmission of knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable cultural heritage.
Small cultures often disappear, leaving no historical evidence, and so cannot be recognized as authentic civilizations.
In the War of Independence, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of the Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no power to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial power, it relied on the powers of the states which often refused to cooperate and not enforce its acts.
He also had no authority to annul the tax legislation and rates of the states.
To amend the articles, according to articles, requires unanimous approval of all states, but the representatives of the states were so irresponsible to the central government that they
The Italian national football team, along with Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup.
In popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, roller sports, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One." #
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions. Residents of Italy from these regions participate in international competitions and Olympics.
In Japan there are 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hokkaido), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
In view of its geographical location, Japan is often called an archipelago.
Taiwan takes its origins many years ago, in the 14th century, when European sailors, passing by, recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of the indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their
In 1683, the forces of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire." #
In 1895, after the defeat in China-Japan War (1894-1895), the Chinese government signed Sino-Seok Agreement, which ceded Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three Windows Room.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex were reconstructed to give tourists a more accurate idea of how they looked originally.
By 1976 restoration of 30% of Machu Picchu was completed. Restoration works continue and to this day.
For example, the most common format for static photos is 35 mm, and that was the dominant size of film on the setting of analog photography.
Today it is still produced, but more important is that the aspect ratio of the images of digital cameras.
35-mm format is a bit confusing, it has width 36 mm and height 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into two parts, so it is called 3:2.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
A simple rule of thirds is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while maintaining a certain degree of order in the image.
It says that the best place to place the main object is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see the
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which became rich and powerful, was the object of intense scrutiny.
Christianity united European countries despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her all-encompassing power has touched each - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church's money exists for this purpose.
The center of church authority was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and such concentration of power and wealth led to the fact that many doubted, and is it observed this dogma.
A few days after the start of the war Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated all-over the world international laws, laid down in several international agreements over the last two centuries.
Britain has denied entry to ships in certain areas of the ocean, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because of the limited response to this tactic, Germany expected a similar response to its unimpeded underwater military actions.
In the majority of the citizens and nations in the 1920s there were such feelings as pacifism and isolation.
By experiencing the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, states wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted the offer to work in the company Edison in New York City.
He came to the United States with four cents in his pocket, a poem in his hand, and a recommendation from Charles Batchelor, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas E
In ancient China used a unique way of denoting periods of time; each stage of China or each family in power was a special dynasty.
In addition, between the reigns of each dynasty there was fragmentation and instability. The most famous period was the Three Kingdoms, which lasted for 60 years during the dynasties of
During this period, there were fierce battles between many noblemen fighting for the throne.
The Age of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient Chinese history. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in a large palace in the city of Xi'an
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of a metrical system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people,
Also after the Revolution, opportunities for work opened up to all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because the ranks have been based on qualities, not on the origin of the person.
French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Mohammed was very interested in topics, not related to the worldly life. He often visited the cave, which became known as "Hira" on the mountain "Nur" (
And the cave which is preserved to this day, very vividly gives us an idea of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on the top of a mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to find even to the one who knows about it. In the cave man is in complete isolation.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above your head and a multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world.
Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that exists today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of the many great pyramidal structures built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
Pyramid of Giza, or the Great Pyramid of Giza, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx." #
Great Pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Haps, and smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of his wives and his relatives.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Up" means you have to start with the tip and move the bow forward, and "down" means you have to start with the place where your hand holds the bow and move it back.
Movement of the bridge up usually produces a softer sound, while the movement of the bridge down produces a stronger and more aggressive sound.
You can draw your own stroke, but remember that the stroke is printed for musical reasons, and it usually should be followed.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowd of women from the market forced the return to Paris of the King Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King Madame
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
A crowd of people forced the King and Queen wide open the windows.
At one point one of the crowd waved his hand in the direction of the royal guard killed in Versailles at the sight of the terrified queen.
The military expenditures of the American imperialism on the conquest of the Philippines paid themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime in order to pay for the large part of expenses and interest on bonds, transferred by the Philippine government through banks in Wall Street.
Of course, the superprofits, brought about by the long-term operation of the Filipinos, were the main income of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, you need to understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The period in which these events took place is called the High Middle Ages, a period of European history that covers the XI, XII and XIII centuries (1000–1300 a.d.).
High Middle Ages replaced previously Middle Ages and preceded late Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted viewpoint, ended about 1500 years ago.
Technological determinism is a term that covers a wide range of practical ideas, from the technical progress or technological imperative to a strict point of view that fates people are driven by the underlying logic of science and its manifestation in technologies." #
A majority of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of development of technologies is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own properties
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of road accidents, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of the injuries received on the roads.
Romanticism in many ways included cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography formed people, and over time, there were associated with it customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of this society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris was the capital of fashion in the modern world, so Constantinople was the capital of fashion in the times of feudal Europe.
The glory of him as a center of luxury spread about 400 BC and continued until 1100 BC.
His status was lowered during the twelfth century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than the goods offered on the Byzantine markets
At this moment and the title of the Capital of Fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between X-XI centuries and XIV centuries.
First, clothing was influenced by Byzantine culture on the east.
However, due to slow channels of communication, styles in the West may lag behind by 25-30 years.
Own styles began to develop in Western Europe towards the end of the Middle Ages. One of the biggest achievements of that time, thanks to the Crusades, was the use of buttons to fast
Natural agriculture is the agriculture practiced for the production of sufficient quantities of food for the needs of the farmer and his/her family.
Natural agriculture is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of the plants that grow in this ecosystem, together with the use of rotational and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, it has been so that most farmers engaged in agriculture for the purpose of sustenance, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Cultures unite likeminded people who feel marginalized by society and allow such people to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or gender of people from which it consists.
Characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Some subcultures often claim their membership through a symbolic use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common ways to illustrate the importance of socialization is to illustrate several tragic cases when children were not able to contact with adults during their adulthood.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Children living on the streets, it is possible that they have suffered severe forms of violence or trauma before escaping or being abandoned.
Others, as claimed, were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild.
If he is completely raised by animals instead of people, a wild child displays the habits (within physical limits) of a particular raised by him animal — for example, his fear or indifference to people.
As learning by projects should be simpler and more interesting, scaffolding is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of help to those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be virtual, as well as real. In other words, a teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is a Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scutfling, helping in learning, embedded in the software and intended to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, which may be too difficult to do alone.
Children are handed over to foster care for a variety of reasons: from abduction to cruelty and even extortion.
Children should not grow in an environment where there is no care, education and upbringing, but they grow.
We view the foster care system as safe for children.
Our system of foster care must provide safe housing, loving foster parents, stable education and reliable healthcare.
Patronage education should provide all the needs that were lacking in the house from which they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of mass and interpersonal communication.
Distinctive features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
So, it has been suggested that "learning" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al.
Personal involvement" and "long-term contacts" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites
Video recording led to important discoveries in the field of microexpressions — movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to determine whether a person is lying, by using the correct interpretation of his microexpressions.
In the article "Speech of the President" Oliver Sacks described, how people who are damaged by a brain injury are unable to understand speech, but can correctly
According to his hypothesis, such abilities may be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the twentieth century showed that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variations.
Segregation and recombination with each generation sweep up variations between two pools.
In the savanna, the mammals with such digestive systems as ours, are unable to meet their nutritional needs by means of available plant resources.
In addition, this will lead to such serious consequences as slow growth, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such rodents as we, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, animal-derived food (insects, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also represents a rich source of proteins containing all the essential amino
Taking into account all that has been said above, it is not surprising that our ancestors solved the "protein problem" in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional wakefulness during the normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short period (10–60 minutes).
This can be done relatively quietly by a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and yet not wake you up completely.
If you discover that you reinstall the alarm clock while you are asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, which will force you to get up to turn it off.
Other options, which are based on biological rhythms, include drinking large amounts of water (for example, water or tea, known diuretic) before bed, which forces you to get up to go to the toilet
The amount of internal peace of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
When battery voltage is lower than 4.8V, the more positive energy present in you. Each person has the potential to achieve absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but was supplemented with the Mahayana way of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini Yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Knowledge of energy is the key to understanding the universe.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of Deities. By visualizing various Deities, the energy channels are cleared, the chakras are opened and the consciousness is enlightened.
Germany was a common enemy in the Second World War, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, disagreements regarding the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and the Cold War began.
She would have to last for the next 40 years. In it she fought in real life, using indirect armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and in many other places in the world.
By September 1939, the Polish defences had already been breached, and the only hope was retreat and reorganization along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet Red Army soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga peace agreement, the Soviet-Polish pact of non-aggression, and other international
The use of ships for the transportation of goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and goods through oceans.
Work of sailors traditionally consists of providing the ability of the country to move its people and goods, and simultaneously preventing the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most interesting recent examples of this was the company in the North Atlantic during World War II. Americans tried to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German naval fleet, using mainly their submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition had failed, Germany, I think, would have been able to conquer Britain as well as other European countries.
Early domestication of goats, it is believed, occurred about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to leave them to have at hand milk, wool, meat and skin.
Home goats, usually, were kept in herds, which wandered around hills or other places of pasture, which often was watched by the shepherds, which were usually children or teenagers, which looks like a more common activity of the shepherd." These methods of pasture
The roads for carriages were built in England in the 16th century.
Although mule roads were merely laid parallel to the logs, they gave horses the opportunity to transport larger loads and at a faster rate than on slightly more bumpy roads at the time.
Slabs were first used quite a long time ago to hold rails in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks were more effective when laid with iron on top.
This became a common practice, but iron led to greater wear on wooden wheels of wagons.
Over time wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first rails were made completely of iron.
The first known form of transport was walking, people started walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means a straight man).
For their ancestors the australopithecines did not walk so naturally.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can start living, more caring about the environment. We can be members of the environmental movement and even can be activists to help at least a little bit ease the suffering of the future
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
It is quite obvious that the world has changed dramatically due to the scientific and technological progress of mankind, and due to the overpopulation and extravagant lifestyle of people, the
After the Congress of July 4th, the manuscript version signed by the Chairman of Congress John Hancock and Secretary Charles Thompson was sent to the printing shop of John Danlap.
In one night, 150–200 copies of the "Dante's Inferno" were made known as "Dante leaflets".
The first public reading of this document was made by John F. Kennedy in the courtyard of the Independence Hall on July 8,.
6 July one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. The copy arrived in London 10 August.
25 Dalleep leaflets, known to the present, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Today many paleontologists believe that one of the dinosaur groups survived and lived to this day. We call them birds.
They are often not considered dinosaurs because they have wings and can fly.
But there’s still much to be said about the birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and scales, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers that are used today are based on the processing of information that is encoded in binary.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is, 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" — or "bits", if you use computer-speak
It may be difficult to diagnose an oral poisoning right away. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best sign of an internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container with a drug or toxic household chemical substance.
Read the label, where are given special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to refer to a group of insects.
The term bed bug comes from the ancient times bed bugs – insects that are well adapted to parasitism on humans.
And scavengers, and bed bugs are nest-building species, adapted to live in the nest or home of their owner.
In the United States, there are approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), making MS the leading neurological disease in the young and middle-
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Studies have shown that from the disease of multiple sclerosis suffers twice as many women as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child is not in their child’s best interests or their child’s best interests.
These couples can choose to create a plan for adoption of their child.
Adoption or foster care of a biological parent refuses to his or her parental rights in order to allow another couple to take the child.
The main purpose of science is to find out how the world works, by applying scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
But he is not the only one. Scientific research also follows experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and conducting observations.
Naturalist and philosophers concentrated their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, were adopted the views of Aristotle.
As Greek language knowledge deteriorated, Western was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often greatly dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not simply a response to external periodic stimuli, have been detected in most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even without external stimuli.
Hershey and Chase experiment was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey with Chase implanted their DNA into a bacteria with the help of phages, i.e. viruses.
They performed two experiments, labeling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactive iodine of the phage.
Mutations can cause a great variety of results, depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germline can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who love to drive around, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the list of activities available on the site - hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example of this is the visit, photographing and studying orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to their place of work, and by them pass those whose place of work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in some way is connected to the system of transport based on personal cars, and supports it.
In the present day, science indicates that the enormous hydrocarbon economy has influenced one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported evolution of mankind over the last two million years
Each is a member of the society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
In developed countries, you rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out within the framework of the study of traffic flows.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study the traffic intensity, because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver with 100% certainty.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
To better represent the transport flow, relationships were established between three main quantities: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relationships help in planning, design and operation of railway facilities.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
Most insects possess the ability to fold their wings along their bodies, which gives them an advantage.
It gives them more hiding places, where they can hide from predators.
Bumblebees and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, the name of Aristarchus said that the Solar system revolves around the Sun.
Many thought he was right, but many believed the opposite: that the Solar System revolved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars).
It seems like a reasonable idea, because we don’t feel that the Earth is moving, do you?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first largest river on Earth. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon River is the widest river on Earth, its width sometimes exceeding six miles.
20 percent of the water that flows into the oceans from rivers on our planet is from the Amazon.
The main river of the Amazon has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It flows into thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids of the ancient kingdom lasted till the end of the ancient kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids in Giza were never surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians were amazed by the monuments created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of Vatican City is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the country with the smallest population.
In Vatican City, the Italian language is used in legislation and official communications.
Italian language is also a common language for most people working in the country, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All the citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
People from ancient times were well aware of the main chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easily extracted with primitive tools.
Philosopher Aristotle believed that all things consist of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous, and plasma, though he also speculated that they would transition into a new state, to get what we see.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The elements such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also metals such as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of such non-metallic elements as carbon.
All matter in the universe consists of atoms. All matter consists of atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small that trillions of them can fit in the point at the end of this sentence.
Thus, the pencil became a good friend for many people when it was introduced.
It is sad that when new ways of writing letters, pencil lost its former status and it is less used.
Now people write messages on screens of computers, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
It is only a guess what will happen with the keyboard, with the advent of more new technologies.
Atomic bomb works on the principle that for a lot of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary to have
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Some atoms have a non-stable nucleus, which means that they tend to decay under little impact or without it." #
The Moon's surface consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under oceans and 100 km under continents.
She is thinner under the moon's seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side there may be more moon seas, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to rise
Content theories focus on the search for what makes people act or can be of interest.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate inside during the course of their development.
These theories look at what makes people want to do what they do, and what makes them do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories of content are the "Pyramid of Needs" and the "Two-Factor Theory of Motivation" by Gerzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can manifest when managers begin to lead people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is the attempt to remain "their guy" (or girl).
Those managers are difficult to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate the results of work, distribute responsibilities and to attract workers to responsibility.
On the other end of the spectrum, a man becomes an unrecognizable individual, who feels that he must change everything that the team did, and take it for himself.
Because the manager ultimately bears responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to conflicts between leaders and other members of the team.
Virtual teams follow the same standards of skill as regular teams, but there are some minor differences.
Virtual members of the team often perform the role of a point of contact for their direct physical group.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional employees, because their teams can meet in accordance with different time zones, which is not always understand local management.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of the virtual team.
The invisible team sets the standards for each member. The invisible team sets the standards for each member.
In order to apply the concept of self-learning organizations in practice, innovations are one of the objectives.
When all available resources are effectively used in all functional units of the organization, creativity and inventiveness may be manifested.
In the end, a united organization's work to overcome a barrier can lead to a new innovative process that will be in line with the interests of the client.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, exchange of knowledge and accumulation of experience.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used for helping organizations to achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The data of neurobiology give physical evidence for the theoretical approach to the study of consciousness. Thus, the field of study is narrowed, and it becomes much more precise." #
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It has long been known that various types of damage, injuries, injuries and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
The introduction of new technologies allows us to see and study unseen structures and processes in the brain.
This provides us with a large volume of data and materials for creating and simulating models that help us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although AI is firmly associated with science fiction, it forms a very important area of computer science, which is the study of the behaviour and learning of machines and "instilling" them
AI research includes the creation of machines for automating tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Like these questions are dealt with in separate disciplines, the aim of which is to solve the problems we face in everyday life.
At present, artificial intelligence is often used in areas of economics, medicine, engineering and military, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Technology offers a solution by virtual tours. Students can view museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
The posting of an excursion in the virtual space for all to see is also a great way to refresh your memory of the excursion and to share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennet High School in South Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital city of South Carolina, and every year the site is updated, but access to the old versions is still available — they serve
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this usually changes due to the presence of audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the author of this blog is striving to improve his/her email to avoid criticism.
Others, in leading a blog, "students are inspired to be smart and interesting, drawing attention to readers (Toto, 2004).
Bloggership is a tool that encourages collaboration and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
Blogs can provide students with the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, as well as to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002).
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a huge number of art galleries and museums, which open the past and present of Canada.
On the south is Niagara Falls, and the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and its surrounding areas.
All of this and lots more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are rarely populated, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean near the east coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other and is a unique continent in that respect.
Almost all smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as beautiful beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it has been established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 14th century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India
On the north region is Sahel, and on the south and west - the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists are advised to say that they are married, irrespective of their present marital status.
Also useful to wear a ring (not too expensive to look at).
Women should be aware that due to cultural differences they may feel that they are being pursued, grabbed by the hand and so on.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by fishermen-Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroe as a strategic port, called
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the name of the city of Kazan-Branca, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
Sultan of Morocco reconstructed the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and Spanish traders who created here trading bases, named it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
In the old medina, you can find places where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs and a whole range of trinkets, but all
Goma - a tourist town on the eastern border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was destroyed by a volcanic eruption that buried underneath it the main streets of the city, especially the central part.
Goma is a safe place, but it is always a good idea to check the information about any travel outside Goma, to understand the state of the fighting in the province of North Kivu.
This city is also the starting point for climbing the volcano Niragongo, as well as here you can see the gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can go on a mototaxi. The regular price is 500 CDF for a short ride.
Timor-Leste" became a metaphor for an exotic far-off land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990 he was added to the World Heritage List, threatened by desert sands.
The program "African Wonders" was filmed at this place.
This city is very different from other cities in the country, because it is predominantly Arabic.
The Kruger National Park is located in South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its southern border is the Croco
The park’s area is 19 500 km2; it has 14 different ecosystems, each of which is a habitat for different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, there is a daily fee for its protection and visit.
Also, it may be advantageous to buy a Wild Card that allows you to visit national parks of South Africa either selectively, or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honour of the island of Hong Kong, the place many tourists consider the main object of their attention.
The chain of buildings forming the horizon line of Hong Kong is compared with a shining column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the coast of the Tsuen Wan Peninsula, which is located opposite
The largest part of the urban areas developed on the island of Hong Kong are concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the north coast.
This place was taken by British colonists, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, then this is a good place to start.
Sundaram is the largest mangrove belt extending from the shoreline to 80 km (50 miles) into the interior of the country in Bangladesh and India
Sundaram was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park of Sundaram.
These forests are not just mangrove swamps - they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sundarban occupies an area of 3850 square kilometers, of which about three-quarters covered by water or bogs.
Sundaram is a wildlife sanctuary and, according to estimates, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer on its land at the moment.
Buses depart from the inter-district bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most, especially those heading east and to Jakar/Bumtang, leave at 06:30 am
Because buses between districts are often full, it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Most of the districts are served by small Japanese buses Coaster, comfortable and reliable.
Bus is a quick and convenient way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punakha (200 ngultrum).
The Oyapock Bridge is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyap
The two towers reach 83 meters high, and the bridge itself is 378 meters long and has two lanes of traffic with a width of 3.5 meters.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August, 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March, 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they were semi-nomadic hunters who also practice
The area was home to different groups of local tribes, for example the Guaico and Paguay, they survived by hunting, gathering and fishing.
In the XVI century Paraguay, which was previously known as "a vast province of the East Indies", was created as a result of the conflict between Spanish conquistadors and native
The Spaniards began colonization, which lasted three centuries.
Since its establishment in 1537, Paraguay has mostly managed to preserve its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is famous for having one of the best teams in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on polo fields in Las Canitas.
Less important tournaments and matches can also be watched in another time of the year.
To learn about polo news and where to buy tickets for polo matches, visit the website of the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands pound (FKP). Its value is equivalent to one British pound sterling (GBP).
Money can be exchanged in one bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
On remote islands, credit cards may not be accepted, although British and American currencies may be accepted; be sure to clarify with the owners which payment method is acceptable
The Falkland Islands' currency is almost impossible to exchange outside the islands, so exchange money before you leave.
Because Montevideo is located to the south of the equator, there is summer in the Northern hemisphere, and winter in the Southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is located in the tropics. In summer months, the air temperature above +30 ° C is a common occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: the temperature rarely drops below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather compared to what the thermometer shows.
There are no particularly "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are accustomed to see people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb animals.
The administration of the park warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals!
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - Bisons, deer, bears and almost all large animals can attack.
Each year tens of visitors receive injuries because they do not respect their personal space. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
Also remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or wearing with you smelly food, and keep the camp clean.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Apia was founded in 1850’s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The bay was the site of a tragic naval confrontation in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Britain refused to leave the
All ships sank, except one British cruiser. Perished about 200 American and German sailors.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, peaceful assembly in the city led to the murder of the supreme leader Tupou Tamesi
Here are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three district
The beaches of North Shore (in the area of North Hampton) are fringed by the Pacific Ocean and extend from Long Beach on the north
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them shaded by such trees as pohutukawa.
In the Central District of Auckland, where the bay of Wātimātaka is home to prestigious residential suburbs Mi-Hali and St. Heliers, there are
It’s sometimes crowded family beaches with a good choice of shops along the shore. Swimming is quite safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that can be drunk, but New Zealand and Australian wines can better be transported.
Local tap water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have any doubts, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
Australians are not sure about the idea "flat white". "The "flat white" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream (
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have excellent quality.
On the reef, there are many trips made all year round, and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the reef are rare.
Although follow all government recommendations, obey all signs and pay attention to safety warnings.
Cabomedea is found near beaches and river mouths north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be found outside this period." #
Sharks really do exist, but they seldom attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
Crocodiles with gills do not lead an active life in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers to the north
Advance reservations allow traveller to not worry about where to stay upon arrival in the destination.
Tour operators often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book through a travel agent and other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites.
Travel agents usually sell packages of offers that include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport or even combined packages that include flight and accommodation in a hotel.
In addition, they can save a reservation, if you require time for consideration of the offer or other documents for the destination (for example, a visa).
Any changes or requests should be sent to the hotel first, not directly to the agency.
Some music festivals have a large majority of participants sleeping directly on the festival grounds, and most of them consider this an essential part of the program.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive early to find a place to camp near the music.
Remember that even if music on the main stages, may already be over, on the festival may be areas where music will continue to play till late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, learn about the location of the cabin, because crossing the ice leads to a rather horrible noise that can disturb the most sensitive people.
Cruises in Saint Petersburg include sightseeing tours. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
Often casinos make every effort to make visitors spend as much time and spend as much money in the casino. There are no windows and exits are difficult to find.
They usually offer a special menu, drinks and entertainment, so guests stayed in good mood and did not leave the establishment.
In some establishments offer free alcohol. However, it makes you drunk, and good all around players know that it is very important to stay sober.
Everyone planning to travel high-mountain areas or high-alpine passes should take into account the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On icy and snowy road friction is low, and you can not drive the car as you can on normal asphalt.
In the event of snowfall, sufficient amount of snow to get stuck, can fall in a very short period of time.
The visibility may also be limited due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and traffic continues almost continuously all year round.
Safari - is, perhaps, the biggest lure for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term "safari" in everyday use means a land trip to see the breathtaking wild nature of Africa, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach to machines, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Leopards, gibbons and leopards sometimes become cautious, and you will look at them better through a binocular.
Walking safari (also called "tree-climbing safari", "hiking safari" or "walking tour") consists of a walk of several hours to several days.
Paralympic Games will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city that twice hosted summer Olympic Games. The first time they took place here in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced to be moved, you may have a difficult situation.
Rules for cancelling orders may vary, but as of March, most rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were planned.
Expected that most of the tickets for events will cost from 2,500 to 130 000 yen, with standard ticket price of about 7 000 yen.
Drying clothes helps it dry. Many hotels provide to rent iron and ironing board, even if they are not present in the room.
If you don’t have a iron or you are not fond of wearing clean socks, you can try a hairdryer if it is there.
Do not subject the fabric to too high temperatures (which may cause shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different methods of water purification, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in other places it will require several minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and in case of doubts you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a reputable company." #
Travelers can meet up with animals-invaders, which they have never seen in their native lands.
Bugs can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release poison or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which can cause damage or death to a human being, usually do not count as pests.
Shopping "duty-free" - it is a possibility to buy in certain points goods without taxes and duties.
Travellers heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a substantial amount, especially on such items as alcohol and tobacco.
The section between Point-Marie and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the highway Buffalo-Pittsburg, often passing through isolated, dark and forested areas.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be on your guard: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
However, as you may have guessed, mobile telephone communication here is much better than on many other sections of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, where the Wilderness is located.
German confectionery is quite good. In Bavaria it is very abundant and diverse and looks like baking from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit pastry is popular, pastry with apples – all year round, and plums and cherries appear in summer.
In German baking, often used almonds, hazelnuts and other tree nuts. Popular cakes are often combined with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling sweet pastry, try what, depending on region, is called donuts or pancakes with filling.
Cari — a dish of herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the content of the curry, it can be "dry" or "wet".
In the internal regions of Pakistan and North India yogurt is used in curry. In South India and in some regions of the subcontinent coconut milk is used.
Indonesian cuisine, with over 17,000 islands to choose from, is a general term applied to a vast variety of regional cuisines that are found across the country.
But without any further clarification, this term is usually understood to refer to food from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Javan cuisine, widely spread on the archipelago, includes a variety of simple dishes. The most preference is given to such flavorings as peanuts, chili, sugar (especially javan coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices." #
Stems are the leg supports of the horseman, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the rider with the best traction, but they may have problems with safety, as there is the possibility of a foot-in-the-mud.
If the horse has thrown the rider, but his foot stuck in the stirrup, running horse can drag him behind. To minimize this risk, you can take some precautions.
Firstly, most riders wear boots for horse riding with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual saddles, especially English, are equipped with pre-tensioned straps, which prevent the saddle from falling off if the rider is pulled back by the falling horse.
The Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
At the top you can enjoy spectacular mountain scenery. Climbing enthusiasts from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding on snow-covered slopes on attached skis or snowboards.
Alpine skiing is the main tourist destination for many skiers (they are sometimes called "skiing lazymen"), planning to spend the whole holiday around skiing in a certain place.
The idea of skiing is very old: rock drawings depicting skiers date back to 5000 B.C.
Skiing as a sport has been around at least since the 16th century, and in 1861 the Norwegians opened the first recreational ski club in Australia.
Skiing is also sometimes referred to as backcountry skiing, skitouring or hiking on skis.
This is related, but usually does not include hiking up the peak and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
You can:
Europe is a relatively small continent, but on it there are many independent states. In normal circumstances, traveling through many countries meant that you would have to apply for a visa and multiple passport controls.
But the Schengen area in this respect works as a single country.
You are usually allowed to cross the border without going through passport control again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries participating in the Schengen area separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define products over 100 years old as an antique.
The term has geographic variants in which the age boundary in such places as North America, may be less than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as antiques despite the fact that they are younger than similar products produced in mass production.
Oleiculture is an important source of livelihood for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this occupation is also important for many other professions.
Although this is a tradition, not all Sami people engaged in mass reindeer breeding; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities, using reindeer mainly as draught animals.
Today many Sami are engaged in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region Lapland.
Although the word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country is listed as a travel advisory for your destination, your medical coverage during your trip or your trip cancellation insurance may be affected.
Maybe you should also consult other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are directed at their own citizens.
Here is an example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East may encounter situations that are not encountered by Europeans or Arabs.
In the information messages, only briefly described the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified compared to the widespread more detailed information.
Unfavourable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause any damage, cause serious social upheavals or lead to human casualties.
Bad weather conditions are everywhere around the world, and they are of different types, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy precipitation and forest fires are manifestations and effects of harsh weather phenomena such as gales, tornadoes, waterspouts
Regional and seasonal hazardous weather phenomena include snowstorms, blizzards, ice storms, and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly encouraged to take into account any risks associated with harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
All those planning to visit a country which may be considered as a zone of military action, should undergo professional training.
Searching the Internet for the phrase "course on safety in hostile environment", it may provide the address of a local company.
In the course usually much more detailed are discussed all touched here topics, often with practice.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes playing scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines, where survival in the wild is the main theme, are very common, but there are not many publications about combat zones.
People planning to undergo a gender reassignment surgery abroad should ensure that they have the correct documents for their return.
The government is ready to issue passports without specifying sex (X) or documents, updated with regard to desired name and sex, in different places different.
The readiness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under the document is so varied.
Passing through checkpoints also became more rigorous after September 11th.
Transgender people who are preparing for surgery should not expect that they can pass through the scanners and yet their private lives and dignity will not be affected.
A breakwater is a wave-breaker, or sometimes a reef breaker, that creates a break in the shoreline or sometimes a break in something like a reef.
Reverse flow concentrated in a few deeper areas where rapid currents can form, going to a larger depth, due to such underwater topology.
The majority of deaths occur as a result of exhaustion attempting to return to the current, which may not be possible.
As soon as you leave the current, you’ll be able to swim back as usual.
Try to go there where you won't be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may want to wait for rescue.
Shock to return home is earlier than cultural shock (this is a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and can be more difficult.
Travellers who are easily adapted to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you've adapted to a new culture and lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, I'm sure, treated you with patience and understanding, knowing that travelers need to adapt to a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding is necessary to be shown and to travelers who have returned home.
Sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show.
Often, the noise of tourists and vendors is heard. The sound of light and sound is similar to a book with stories.
Snake acts as a background and narrator of a long story.
Scenes are shown on the Pyramids and different Pyramids are lit.
The South Shetland Islands were opened in 1819 and several countries have claimed them. In 2020, there were sixteen active bases on these islands.
The archipelago is located 120 kilometers from the peninsula. The largest island bears the name of King George with the settlement of Villas-las-Estrellas.
Others include the island of Livingston and Deepsea, where the active volcano is a spectacular natural harbor.
Elsewhere in the world, the land of Elsewhere is located to the south of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plain, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain system Eluther, divided by the Minnessota ice-sheet into two
In the northern part, that is on the spine of the Sentinel, there are the highest mountains of Antarctica - the massif Vinson, the highest point of which reaches 4
In the remote areas, outside the coverage of mobile phones, a satellite phone may be your only option.
Usually, a satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, because you need to be outside in direct line of sight with the satellite, to call.
Service is often used in shipping, including sail and fast boats, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communication.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The option becoming increasingly popular for those who plan to take an academic year, is to travel and study.
It is especially popular among graduates of schools, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting at risk their education.
In many cases, it is possible to enroll in a course abroad during a vacation at the university to increase your chances of enrollment in higher educational institutions in your home country.
In general, when you apply for such educational programmes, you are charged a fee for training.
Finland is a great place for boating. In "the land of thousand lakes" there are also thousands of islands on lakes and in coastal archipelagos." #
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can quite easily do without a boat.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Boating is a national form of leisure in Finland. In particular, for seven or eight people one boat is enough.
The same situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is between one and 40).
Most Baltic cruises include a prolonged stay in Saint Petersburg.
This means that you can spend several full days in this historical city, and sleep back on the ship.
If you go to the beach only as an excursion on a ship, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
A flight can be a terrifying experience for any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not to be ashamed of: it is no different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are a part of the lives of many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear that arises from unknown or inability to control the process.
Delivery services are well paid for fast delivery. Sometimes the speed of delivery of commercial documentation, goods or spare parts for urgent repair is very important.
Some of the larger companies have their own aircraft, but for other routes and smaller companies with this was a problem.
If they were shipping something as an air cargo, then some routes might take several days to load and clear customs.
The only way to get it faster is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's rules do not allow sending baggage without passenger, so here you need your participation.
The obvious way to fly in the first or business class is to pay for it (or better yet, to force your company to pay for you).
But this is not cheap at all - in rough approximation you will pay four times more for business class and eleven times more for first class!
Almost never is it worth even looking for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know that there is a certain main group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and comfortably, so they charge a corresponding fee.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. Local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely spoken.
Moldova is a multiethnic state, which has been the victim of ethnic conflict.
This conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed People's Republic of Moldova on the eastern side of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by
 Despite the failure of political negotiations, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with the population about 3,7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transport hub.
In ancient times the ancient city of Smyrna today is a modern, developed and lively shopping center, located along the vast bay and surrounded by the mountains.
Large boulevards, glass facades modern shopping centres interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, market from the XVIII century, old mosques and churches, although the city and has more Mediterranean Europe than traditional Turkey.
From the hamlet Haldorsvik, you can see the neighboring island of Estura, as well as the unusual octagonal church.
Some of the graves on the church cemetery have interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It’s worth spending half an hour and walk around a strange village.
Compared to the north, the romantic and charming city of Sintra, which was praised by Lord Byron and became famous after that.
The bus Scotturb No 403 makes regular flights to Sintra and stops on the cape of Roca.
Visit also the great Fatima Shrine (the tomb of the Virgin Mary) — a place of world-famous apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Remember that you, in principle, are on the place of a brother's grave and also the place that is unimaginably important for a considerable percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Please treat this place with all due respect, seriousness and dignity, which it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Don't vandalize this place, by painting or scratching graffiti on objects around.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
However, most signs are only indicated in Catalan, because it is the first official language.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Normal ads in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced automatically on a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known as egocentric, rude and arrogant.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish, just as quickly, if you show a little bit of politeness.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is very densely forested, mainly with beech, oak and pine trees, and is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
thanks to the diversity of microclimates, different soils and elevations in it, it has a particularly wide variety of plant communities.
The area is rich in a variety of animals and birds.
Here you can meet rare species of fauna, for example, European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, raven, lynx, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species of animals.
When visiting monasteries, women should wear skirts below the knee and covered shoulders.
In most monasteries give the robes to women who came unprepared, but if you take your own, especially brightly colored, monk or nun on the door will smile at you.
In a similar way, men should wear trousers that would cover the knees.
They can be picked up at the door, however this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size fits all men!
Cuisine of Majorca, as well as those of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with widespread use of olive oil.
Simple and popular dish for lunch, especially in the summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any having filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, which means You, always go with capital letters even in the middle of the sentence.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
This also makes it easier to read, while writing is slightly more complicated because you have to figure out whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
Pronunciation in Italian is relatively simple, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is important to be particularly careful with the letters c and g, as their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
And do not forget that r and rr are pronounced differently: caro means "dear", while carro means "cart.
In the Persian language, relatively light and mostly regular grammar.
So, reading this Persian grammar textbook will help you to learn a lot of new and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you speak a Romance language subgroup, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and that it can be learned separately.
Ancient observatories, usually today are considered obsolete and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution during their flowering was not as serious as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in the present day.
Many modern astronomical telescopes are large structures in remote places with favorable climatic conditions.
Watching the cherry blossoms called "hanami", which is a Japanese tradition dating back to the 8th century.
This idea comes from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan, the first celebrations of the cherry blossoms were held only for the imperial court and other members of the aristocracy.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't succumb to temptation to take at least one.
If you visit an officially organized garden, collecting "samples" will lead to the fact that you will be expelled without any conversation.
Singapore is a very safe place, where it is easy to navigate, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, finding yourself in "the deep south" only a few degrees north of the equator, you'll have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely)." #
Also there are several buses heading north to Hebron - legendary place of burial of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, as well
Make sure that the bus you are going to board is heading to Hevron, not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Internal waterways can be a good theme for a celebration.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise along the Danube canal, or a boat trip along the canal Er.
They also define routes for popular walking and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and outside of Christianity in general.
There is a tradition to spend Easter night, not sleeping, in some open place, to see sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it may very well have been a springtime fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold Easter services on Saturday evening during Easter weekend, while the congregation usually begins at midnight celebrating the resurrection of Christ.
All the animals that originally arrived on these islands reached here by boat, by air or by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals could not get to there, which makes the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galapagos
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been introduced, including cattle, horses, cows, rats, cats
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic winter, you will know what it is like to have a polar night when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This presents a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese culture of work is more hierarchical and formal than that which is familiar to Westerners.
Coats are standard business attire, and colleagues address each other by last name or by position.
Very important is the harmony at work, and group work is valued above individual achievements.
Often, employees must obtain permission of the head before taking any decisions and must obey orders of the head.
