Now we have four-month old mice, who have no diabetes." He added.
According to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, Professor of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and the president of the Clinical and Scientific Department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still at an early stage.
As with some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, pointing out that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already.
The Nobel Committee’s permanent secretary, Sara Danius, has publicly announced that the committee has stopped trying to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he has won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2016.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Recently, CEO of Ring Jamie Sinofsky noted that this company began with the fact that he did not hear the doorbell in his garage.
He said that he created a doorbell that worked from WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance on the show "Shark Tank" in 2013, where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017, Simonoff appeared on the TV channel QVC.
In addition, Ring settled its legal dispute with competitors, security company ADT Corporation.
The vaccine that was found to be effective in reducing the mortality rate of Ebola virus disease is still not clear whether it will be effective in treating the disease that it was designed to
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but official studies have shown that it has less benefit in preventing death than previously expected.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control, so the researchers used it as a baseline and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and agrees that it is absolutely necessary to create a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that the interests of our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more appropriately, the reform of our organization, rather than its revocation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would have revealed how such a scale of violence, so brazenly described by survivors of Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all necessary and appropriate changes in this case.
The United States Gymnastics Federation and the US Olympic Committee share the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes could pursue their goals in a safe, positive environment and were afforded all rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski served as a senior advisor to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976 he advised Carter on foreign policy. Later, from 1977 to 1981, he worked as national security advisor, replacing Henry Kissinger.
He was a close adviser to Carter on foreign policy, for example, in the signing of the Camp David Accords in 1978, normalizing Sino-American relations in the 1970s, formulating policy towards the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
This film with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone was nominated in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for Best Actor and Actress respectively.
In addition to the other nominations: "Best Picture", "Director", "Optical work", "Cinematography", "Costume design", "Editing", "Original music", "Sound design", "Sound
Two songs from the movie – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, made it to the best original song category. The Lionsgate Studio was in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
At late night on Sunday, President Trump through his press secretary said that the US troops will leave Syria.
The statement was made after Trump had a telephone conversation with the Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Turkey will take the lead in the question of the protection of captured ISIS fighters, which European countries have not agreed to return home.
It also confirms that, at least, some dinosaurs had feathers, which is a widely accepted theory, and provides details that are usually not obtained from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
Scientists say that the feathers of this bird were a light brown on top, and a pale yellow on the bottom. 
The find also allows you to get acquainted with the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well developed quill, called rachis, but there are other distinctive features - bristles and bristles - researchers came to the conclusion that rachis, probably, appeared later by evolution of other distinctive features
The structure of feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. Researchers suggested that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample it is represented adult feathers, not feathers of a chick
The researchers hypothesized that although this is the tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not chick feathers.
Last night, a car bomb exploded near the headquarters of the General Police in Gaziantep (Turkey), killing 2 policemen and injuring more than 20
The Chancellery of the Governor informed that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
Police said that the alleged perpetrator of the attack is the alleged ISIS militant.
They found that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that the activity of all stars in the system is determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The combination of light and rotation is used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The less the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in relation to the magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki often found himself in difficult situations during his travels.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested
802.11n operates on both frequencies - 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure its backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual receiver
The speeds of 802.11n are significantly faster than its predecessors with a theoretical maximum bandwidth of 600 M
Duval, who is happily married and has two under-aged children, did not impress Miller, who told this story.
When Daniel Miller asked for a comment, he said: "Mike talks a lot during the listening sessions... I was prepared, so I didn't really listen to what he was saying
We will take measures to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 compared with 2005 level.
He did not name a number for budget cuts, saying that they would be made on the basis of the Chinese economy.
Hu has called on developing countries to avoid the old system, in which they first pollute, and then clean up.
He adds that "they shouldn’t be asking them to take on responsibilities that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented their report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation will stop the religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos." #
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive branch in Iraq and a call for immediate change of course.
The first recommendation is that the new diplomatic initiative should be implemented by the end of this year to strengthen Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current senator and First Lady of Argentina, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirschner announced her intention to run for the presidency in the Argentine theater, in the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires." #
The reason for the debate was the disagreement over the cost of providing material support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives in jest referred to as the "New Orleans deal" by President Bush.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that contracts for reconstruction works were awarded presumably to those with close connections to the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to visit the funeral.
The number of people was so great that not all could get to the square of St. Peter, where the funerals were taking place.
In various parts of Rome, large television screens were set up, so that people could watch the ceremony.
These platforms, which attracted a large number of people, were organized in many other cities in Italy and in other countries, in particular in Poland.
Historians criticize the FBI for spending a large portion of its resources on cases that are easy to prove, especially on cases of car theft, in order to increase the success of the agency.
The Congress began funding the initiative to combat pornography in 2005 tax year and determined that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to combat adult pornography.
Robin Uthappa scored the most runs in an inning: 70 in 41 attempts, blocked 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Midfielders Tandulkar Singh and Rahul Dravid performed well in tandem and scored a hundred points.
However, after losing Kalita Captain India made only 36 runs, losing 7 kalitkas for the completion of innings.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on November 16, beginning his week-long tour of Asia.
His greeted Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After losing the mid-term elections, Bush announced the expansion of trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the consideration of the party's general committee for a second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party, Jack Lay
On the meeting with the Prime Minister, Leyton asked to make changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party’s environmental bill.
Since the federal government intervened and took on the financing of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the state government and some members of the federal Parliament have criticised this action as a ruse in the run-up to federal elections, which are
But John Howard said that this was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the Tasmanian government through the allocation of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest report, the level of sea level indicated the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Paho-Paho and Niue.
No reports of serious damage or casualties have been received from the Tuvalu, but power has been temporarily cut off, which, according to information available, did not allow the authorities of Tuvalu to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami
There are fourteen schools on the Hawaiian Islands, located near the coast or on it, that were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of warnings.
President Bush welcomed this statement.
The former US President, who is now a senior adviser to the Democratic Party, said that North Korea’s promise to denuclearize the Korean peninsula was a "big step in the right direction.
Today in the Atlantic Ocean formed subtropical cyclone Jerry, it is tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at the moment Hurricane Jerry does not pose any threat to land.
The U.S. Army's Chief of Engineers said that 6 inches of rain could have broken through the damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded at 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is now at least 20 feet under water because the levee, which is nearby, was not high enough
The water flows over the dam on a 100-foot stretch.
The administrator of the Commons Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment in connection with deletions in his conversation last month with Wikinews.
He [England] lied to us from the very beginning. First of all, acting as if it was necessary to do this on legal grounds. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images." #
Public outrage led to the fact that measures are being taken to develop a regulation on sexual content for this website, where millions of media materials are available with open licenses.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate the observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword
The effect sought by the team may be produced by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way." #
So also the Moon draws the Earth, causing tides, and the Milky Way influences the galaxy in the Sign of the Scorpion." #
The scientists have concluded that the dark matter acts on the dark matter in the same way as in the case of ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a significant portion of the dark matter around the galaxy is located in the form of a ring and consists of a large
In the TV reports, there is a white smoke coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station to remain in the rooms, to turn off the air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency of Japan, at the plant were found radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities are of the opinion that this indicates a possible leak and rupture in the containers with uranium fuel located on the site.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll discovered XDR-TB with exceptional resistance to drugs (XDR-TB).
He said that the new strain causes very great fears, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were health care workers in the hospital.
In one year, an infected person can infect up to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of patients with tuberculosis is still low; 6000 out of 330 000 infected in the current moment in South Africa.
Satellites, each weighing over 1, 000 pounds and traveling at a speed of approximately 17,500 miles an hour, collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists say that the explosion caused by collision was very powerful.
They still try to determine how big the collision was and how much damage will be done to the Earth.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is looking for debris.
The results of the analysis of the graphs will be made available on an open website.
The prosecution will bring charges of murder in the aggravated circumstances against a pediatrician who worked at the Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, after her mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday,
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found lying on the ground next to the road in a football shirt and underwear and apparently in a state of strong intoxication.
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was located within 500 feet.
They found Saroj Balasubramanian's body covered in bloody sheets.
The police said that the body, probably, was there around the day.
The first cases of the disease were reported in July.
The carriers are swine, from which the disease is transmitted through mosquitoes to the human.
This outbreak prompted the Indian Government to take such measures as setting up traps for swine in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spray
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare health institutions for next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines to the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956, Slane moved to Sweden, where he worked for the Swedish Postal Company for three years, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detailing that he is one of the few "generic names" among philatelists. Some specialise only in collecting his
His magnificent thousand-mark of 2000 year is reproduced by David-Clecker Erich, it is inserted in the Guinness Book of Records.
In addition, he was engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his work are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada, denominated
After the accident Gibson was taken to hospital, but soon died.
The driver of the truck was not injured in the accident.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident in the same day about 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage near the accident site said: "There were children standing there waiting to cross the road. They were all crying and wailing.
Everyone ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda at Bali include the preservation of remaining in the world forests and exchange of technologies to promote growth in developing countries with lesser environmental impact.
The UN hopes to complete the creation of a fund to help countries suffering from global warming, to combat its effects.
These funds can go towards building houses that are resistant to floods, using water more efficiently and diversifying crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about their female health were unsuccessful.
She came to such a conclusion because of the numerous positive comments and support she received from both women and men, who said that contraceptives should be considered as a medical necessity.
When the fight was over, when the wounded were taken to the hospital, there were still 40 prisoners left in the yard and refused to return to their cells." #
The negotiators tried to improve the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are not clear.
At 10:00 pm in the mountain time prisoners set fire to the yard.
The guards in riot gear soon entered the yard and ordered the prisoners to lie down on the ground, using tear gas.
In the result of the fire brigade extinguished the fire at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, seasonal floods, spreading deposits, stopped.
This sediment was required for the formation of beaches and pebble beds, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two species of fish, and two others, including the endangered northern pike, were added to the list of
While the water level will rise only a few feet, authorities are hoping that this will be enough to restore washed-out sandbars below the river.
No tsunami warnings were issued and according to a report from the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the magnitude of the earthquake did not reach 6.5 points." #
Despite the lack of tsunami threat, people started panicking and leaving their companies and their homes.
While she was ready to shed a tear during her farewell, she gave her fans a hint that she would return.
It will not be a farewell. It is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have confirmed the victory of President Hage Geingob.
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) of South Africa also retained a majority in parliamentary elections.
The Afghan and coalition forces have moved to secure the target, and another coalition aircraft has been sent to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is supposed to have been the result of enemy fire.
The attempts to find the crash site are hampered by bad weather conditions and the rugged terrain.
The medical charity Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization have said this is the strongest outbreak in the history of the country.
The representative of the Doctors Without Borders Richard Winman said: "Angola is heading for its worst outbreak in years and the situation in Angola remains very bad.
The games started at 10:00 in a beautiful morning, and if not for the drizzling rain that quickly passed, it was an ideal day for 7-a-side Rugby
The South Africans started the tournament with a correct note, when they won a beautiful victory over Zimbabwe, which is currently ranked fifth.
Looking clearly worse in their game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defense, mastery of the ball and excellent teamwork, and it was clear that to beat this team was not easy." #
Officials of the Amsterdam authorities and the Anne Frank House Museum claim that the tree is infected with a fungus and is a public danger because there is a direct threat of
The plan was to cut it down on Tuesday, but the extraordinary court decided to save it.
The diameter of all the entrances to the caves, which were called "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100 to 250 meters (328-820 feet).
According to infrared images of night and day temperatures, it is most likely caves.
At night they are cooler than the surrounding surface, and at night they are warmer.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they correspond to the deep pits in the ground, said Glen Cushing, a planetary geologist with the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted by low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in a booth and places a previously printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate to be elected, in a sealed envelope.
After the PEC members verify the identity of the voter, he drops the envelope into the voting box and signs in the list of voters.
The French election laws are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988, the ballot boxes shall be transparent so that voters and observers could be sure that at the beginning of voting inside there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes added to them other than envelopes of those people who were allowed to participate in the voting and were counted in accordance with the rules.
Candidates can send their representatives to monitor the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision according to a special procedure.
The series ASUS Eee PC, previously presented in all corners of the world with an emphasis on such factors as cost-efficiency and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market of laptops will radically change after the awarding of the company ASUS Taiwan for stability by the Executive Yuan of the People’s
The station describes the show as "a traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted view!".
In the early stages of its existence, this show was broadcast only on the website of an online radio TogiNet Radio, dedicated to radio conversations.
In the end of 2015 TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The first time the show was acted by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, the looting continued all night, because there were no police officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being plunged into anarchy, as groups of people ran around the streets and robbed shops with consumer goods
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of lawlessness.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three Nations Cup of rugby union at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in
The final score was 21-20, which ended the winning streak of the All Blacks in 15 games.
For the Springboks it was a setback after five wins.
This match was the last for "All Blues", who won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be held in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the next week, when the Springboks will play against
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
The USGS and its National Seismic Information Center (NSIDC) have not received any urgent messages about damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-east of Dilloun and about 65 km (40 miles
It has been confirmed that the H5N1 avian influenza virus, fatal for humans, was infected by a dead wild duck found on a marsh near Le Mans in
France is the seventh country in the EU to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
The Germans filed a lawsuit against God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
Agnostic William Quenby claims that his lawsuit is "serious" and "anyone can sue anyone.
The story of Camille Saint-Saens’s opera tells of a painter who is controlled by his love for drugs and for Japan." #
In the end, actors smoke joints on stage, and the theatre encourages the public to join.
Some of the AEI stars include Newt Gingrich (former Speaker of the House of Representatives), Rick Perry (Texas Governor),
After the results were known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he was rude about Romney, on behalf of whom in Iowa was broadcast negative information against Gingrich.
Former Republican presidential candidate Rick Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today’s party convention and determine whether he should continue his campaign.
Bashman, who won in the August poll in the city of Ames, decided to end her campaign.
Photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he later died.
According to reports, he was 20 to 30 years old. Bieber said: "I was not present at the tragic incident and did not directly involve myself in it. My thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
A website called TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the stop by the police, before he crossed the street and continued.
According to police reports, the driver of the car that hit the photographer is most likely to be charged with no criminal charge.
Considering that in one day you could win only eight medals, several countries were not able to be on the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Hannah Jochems, who finished ninth in the women’s super giant slalom yesterday, and also Finland with Kaisa Saarijärvi, who finished tenth in the same event.
Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish 11th in men's supergiant races standing. Czech Ondrej Elinek came to the finish 16th in men's standing supergiant races.
Arli Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the super giant standing position. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the super giant standing position.
The Polish skier with a visual impairment Maciej Kryzel and the athlete-leader Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the super giant among men in sitting position.
UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake are being accused of spreading a disease that began near their military camp.
As a result, the waste from the UN camp did not pass proper sanitary processing, resulting in the bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of the largest in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops of the country of Haiti, the problem of this disease has not been encountered since the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy cited a study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti was responsible for bringing the disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, an expert on this disease at the UN, said that the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeeper
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the University of Harvard Medical School in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria, where several cases of infection with Ebola virus have been reported.
In the hospital was observed the infectious control protocol, including separate care of the patient, to prevent possible infection of other
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on various positions on several television shows.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "The Funny Company" and "The Tracy Ullman Show.
In 1989, along with Brooks and Gunning, he helped create "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for that show.
While he left the show in 1993, he remained an executive producer and still received payouts of tens of millions of dollars each season.
The Chinese news agency Xinhua reported that the plane was stolen.
In later reports, the plane was threatened with a bomb and it was turned back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In early reports, the plane was returned to Afghanistan after being refused an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air disasters are a normal occurrence in Iran, where the country’s aging air fleet is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new aircraft.
The previous week, three people died and three were injured in a police helicopter crash.
In 2012, Iran suffered the worst air disaster in years when a plane carrying 168 people crashed in the country, killing all on board.
In the same month another airplane crashed off the runway in Deh-e Qāī and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
Rock-band had to tour the US and Canada until 16 September.
They cancelled their tour after singer Steve Tyler suffered a broken leg during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving for the match.
Djokovic had a break at 5-3 in the second set and the Argentine took it 6-4. In the
At the moment Potro was given medical help for his shoulder and he was able to return to play.
The program started at 8:30 pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Śrī Ś
The evening began with singer Sanjee Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chaudhary. esented the bhog bhajan also. He was accompanied by singer
Then Lakshman Singh took over the leadership of singing bhajans.
The 108 chapati bhajans were served to the goddess of wealth, Lakshmi.
Lakkha Singh performed the chaappan bhog bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
President Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) unveiled the design of the new Nintendo Revolution console at the "Tokyo Game Show" main presentation on Thursday
In the controller that looks like a TV remote, two sensors are located next to the TV user, which calculates its position in three-dimensional space.
By moving the device in the air, players can control the actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
But his teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but he finished it after the pit stop, probably because of a badly-tightened right rear wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso in the aftermath of damage to the suspension caused by numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings," he said, referring to the transcript of the press conference.
I was genuinely touched each time we rehearsed.
About 3 minutes after the start of the onboard camera showed, how many pieces of insulating foam flew from the fuel tank.
However, it is assumed that they did not damage the rocket.
NASA's chief of space shuttle program, Neil W. Hayes, Jr., said the foam on the shuttle's external tank broke off "after a period of time that we are concerned about.
In just five minutes before the start of the show the wind began to increase, then in a minute the wind speed reached 70 kilometers per hour... Then started to rain, such a strong and large, as if you are falling on pins, then from the sky fell a rain of hail, people were screaming and bump
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two wheelchair-bound people, people just jumped over them and pushed them," said Arman Versace.
NHK also reported that Kashiwazaki Kariwa NPP, located in the prefecture of Niigata, was operating in the standard mode.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. announced that there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that reactor No. 1 and No. 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to the latest reports, more than 9400 houses in the region have no water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas the railway has been interrupted and the airport in Ishikawa Prefecture is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the governor-general.
Three bombs exploded near the state structures within two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown
In the samples of urine of animals, died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and melamine
Researchers at the University of Manchester reported that these two compounds react with each other to form crystals which can block the function of the
The researchers observed crystalline formations in cat urine when adding cyanuric acid and melamine.
In the course of the comparison using infrared Fourier spectroscopy it was found that the composition of these crystals corresponds to those found
I don’t know whether you are aware of it or not, but a large part of the goods from Central America was imported
However, 82% of our goods were subject to tariffs according to the rates in Central America.
It didn't seem to me to make any sense; of course it wasn't fair.
I tell people that you will be treated with the same respect as you treat others.
The governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger, signed a law banning the sale or rental of video games to minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence be sold in CA with a sticker on it that says "18", and that selling games to minors is punishable by a fine of $1,000 for each violation.
Today, January 10, the General Prosecutor of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, title-holder King’s Counsel, made a statement about the initiation of criminal proceedings against both Hun and Price
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Ministers will be replaced by a member of Parliament Ed Davis. It is expected that the Member of Parliament Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister for Business.
Huhn and Price must appear before the Magistrates’ Court of Westminster on February 16.
Nicholas Alder, 25 years old, and Zacharie Caddeback, 21 years old, were killed.
Edgar Velilla was wounded in the hand and face, while Christopher Schneider required reconstructive surgery on the face.
The weapon of Uki failed when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, he has a part of his skull missing, and his face has been
Schneider gave statements via video link from his base at the US Air Force base in Germany.
In addition to the competitions on Wednesday, Carpenito took part in two individual competitions at the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in the first race in which she did not finish the race. 36 of 116 participants had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the sitting position with a combined time of 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 minutes slower than the ninth-place
Four skiers in the women's sitting group could not finish their runs, and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom could not take their places in the race
The police of Madhya Pradesh have recovered a laptop and a mobile phone from a thief.
Deputy General Inspector D. K. Aryan said: "We arrested five people who raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The accused have the names of Baba Kandjar, Bhoot Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Vishnu Kandjar.
Chief of the Police of Chanda Shekhar Solanka said that the accused were presented before the judges with their
While inside the building at the time of the crash, there were three people, nobody was injured.
But the driver suffered serious head injuries.
The road was closed temporarily while emergency services were freeing the driver of the red Audi TT.
At first he was taken to the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
In the end, it was moved to the hospital Addenbrooke in Cambridge.
In the aftermath of the murder, the Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adeke with murdering her son.
She is in custody awaiting the issuance of a charge against her and the conduct of a trial, but any testimony she may give may be distorted because of her wide
This is a common practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish justice system works differently, and courts found the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson, from the University of Dundee, says that "it seems that journalists are really walking a dangerous line, publishing photos and other information about suspects.
The Royal Court of Justice, which is responsible for prosecuting the case, has not made any further comments at least until the verdict is brought.
A document, according to a leak, will concern the dispute over the borders that the Palestinians want to establish on the basis of those that existed before the start of the Six
Other topics touched include the future status of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the problem of the Jordan valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for the next ten years, while the PNA is willing to keep it for only five years.
The archers who took part in the additional test for pest control had to be closely watched by rangers, as this test was being monitored and evaluated.
In the framework of partnership NPWS and the Association of Sporting Snipers of Australia (NSW) during the hunting program of the Association of Sporting Snipers were recruited qualified volunteers.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of wildlife protection and heritage service, four hunters selected for the first hunting operation have undergone a comprehensive training and safety instruction.
Martei has appointed a new temporary electoral council (TEC), consisting of nine members.
It is the fifth CEP Marthier for the last four years.
Last month, the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Elections Council to resign as part of a package of measures to move the country towards new elections.
The Commission was a response to the mass demonstrations against the state regime that began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the failure to hold elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPods were reported, resulting in six fires and four people receiving minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) said that it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week the Ministry of Economy, Labour and Industry announced that Apple informed it of 34 additional cases of overheating, which the company called "minor".
The ministry said the delay in Apple's report was "very disappointing.
The earthquake occurred at 07:19 am local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said there were no reports of damage caused by the storm.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there was no sign of a tsunami.
Former Philippine police officer hijacked a tourist bus in Manila, capital of the Philippines and took hostage Hong Kong
Rolando Mendoza shot from his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six hostages have been rescued, and at least six have been declared dead at this time." #
Five hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino
The photographers took their place at the old woman, because she had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was
Liggins followed in the footsteps of his father and started his career in medicine.
He received his medical degree and began working in the National Women’s Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When Liggens worked in the hospital, in his free time he started to investigate cases of premature births." #
His study showed that if you inject the hormone, it will increase the development of the lungs of the fetus during
The National Bureau of Investigations found two cockpit recorders or black boxes. 
Restaurateurs also paid tribute to the Moon.
Here is what Tommi Drimmer said: "The moon became the first Queen of Excitement. She was my first manager. The moon left this world in the night of two moons. It is such an amazing event as she herself
Damien "Gould" Rannels said: "The moon was so foul as to be almost as foul as I. Perhaps even more foul. I love her and shall miss her. I hope she is in a better place.
Of 1400 people surveyed in the run-up to the 2010 federal elections, the number of those who are against the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased from 2008 to 8 percent.
The acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed her opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of the respondents agree with this view and want that Queen Elizabeth II becomes the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29% of respondents are sure that Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31% think that it does not need this form of statehood.
Olympic gold medallist was supposed to participate in the 100 and 200 m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He couldn't take the medications needed to relieve pain because they are banned in the Games.
Curtis Cooper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at Central Missouri University, 25 January opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that a few people confirmed this opening by using different software and hardware.
Maybe comets were the source of water on Earth, as well as the source of organic matter that could form proteins and support life.
The scientists are hoping to understand how planets are formed, especially how Earth was formed, because comets collided with Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumonosu was elected governor of New Jersey in January and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in February.
He called these rumors "political chatter and foolishness.
It is expected that he will run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States, will allow planes to fly shorter routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, as well as reduce carbon
She is using satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground-based radars, which will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and
The Wembley ground is not open to additional coaches, there will be no stopping of trains on the surface, and there are no parking and pick-up points.
Fears that there was no transport caused speculation that the game may have to be played behind closed doors without fans.
The description of the study published in Thursday's Science magazine says that a new bird species has appeared on the Galapagos islands.
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's finch Geospiza fortes with the introduced conirostris finch Geospiza conirostris, a new species e
Gold can be molded into any shape. It can be rolled into very small shapes.
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and plaited. It can be stiff or twisted into rolls.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used for decoration of hand-painted illustrations in books - called "frontispiece".
This is called the pH of the chemical substance. You can make a pH indicator by using the juice of red cabbage.
Tomato juice changes color depending on how acidic or alkaline is the chemical substance.
The pH value is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H) in the chemical compound.
Hydrogen ions are protons, separated from electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron
Get a new mixture by mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and mold the mixture into a ball.
The water on your hands will enter into a reaction with the upper layer, which will be unusual, then will form a like a shell." #
In almost every city of Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro, there was a toilet with a flush, connected to a complex sewa
These remains of sewerage systems were found in the houses of Minoan cities on the islands of Crete and Santorini in
Toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed together
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
The satellite in space receives a call and instantaneously reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because of the atmosphere of the Earth distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope, a huge rocket must be built with a height of more than 100 feet.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing that wheel has done for us, — gave us much more light and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, a car and many other vehicles.
Under them are a large number of cats of medium size, which eat small prey from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including walking pet cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds." #
The secret of their success lies in the concept of niche, a special work that each cat performs, which keeps it from competition with other.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called herds.
The pride consists of one to three adults males, living in the same family, as well as females and offspring, the number of which can reach thirty." #
The females usually live together in close kinship and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions are very similar to packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a well-developed athlete, the tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump over great distances and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same family (Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats — the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger’s roar is not like the roar of a lion, but more like the shouting of unintelligible words.
The ocellated love to eat small animals. If they get the chance, they will catch monkeys, snakes, rodents and birds. Almost all the animals that the o
The scientists believe that the otters follow the tracks of animals and find their prey by smell, tracking their movements on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable by the surrounding environment. They are able to blend in with the surroundings and then attack the prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than that in which they were previously.
The new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes, compared to those that it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed much — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, as the new population adapts to a new environment, it will become less and less like the rest of the population.
Over time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that it is the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, which is the result of the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that we breathe and take up carbon dioxide that we exhale.
Plants feed on the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast a shadow.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The Mosasaurus was the most fearsome predator of its time, so he did not fear anyone but other Mosasauruses.
His long jaws were covered with more than 70 sharp teeth, and there was a second row on the roof of his mouth, so that those who met him on his way would not have escape
We do not know for sure, but it is possible that his tongue was doubled. He ate large fish, other crustaceans, and, perhaps, even a carnivore.
He also attacked everything that was in water; even a dinosaur like a Tyrannosaurus Rex would not have been able to match him.
The Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes, served at banquets. For example, the boar, the peacock, the snail and such a sort of rodent as the mole.
There was another difference: while the poor people and women ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have joint feasts, during which they ate lying on their sides.
The diet of ancient Romans could not include foods that were brought to Europe from America or Asia in the following centuries.
They had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had ever tasted beef.
The Babylonians built each of the gods a main temple, considered to be the dwelling of the god.
People sacrificed to the gods, and the priests tried to please the gods on the ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had an open courtyard and an inner sanctuary, into which the priests could enter only.
Often temples built special towers in the form of pyramids called "Ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house did not have any special significance.
The majority of Jewish family life was spent outdoors.
Women prepared in the courtyard; shops were open shelves, which left on a street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
On the land of Kenaan there were no great forests, so wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In the Scandinavian sagas are told of the expulsion of Eric the Red from Iceland, and advancing further west, he discovered Greenland and gave it the name.
But regardless of its opening, there were already inhabitants of the Eskimos.
Norway, Sweden and Iceland were all Nordic countries, but there were many differences between the people, the rulers, traditions and history of Denmark,
If you watched the movie 'National Treasure' you may think that the Declaration of Independence had a map of the treasure.
But that's not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, that's not a map of treasures.
The declaration reads: "This declaration of independence was proclaimed on July 4, 1776." It is written on the bottom of the
Unless someone knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document (size 293⁄4 by 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage.
Thus, it is highly likely that the recording was added simply as a note.
The operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles resulted in the liberation of the north of France, but the south of France was still not liberated.
He was under the command of the Vichy French. These Frenchmen, who had signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940, worked together with the invaders instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks the Free French and the Americans liberated the South of France and headed for Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, inhabited by a large number of people, working together, society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin civilis, meaning "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen", and civitas, meaning "city" or "city
Cities-states are the precursors of nations. Civilizational culture means the transmission of knowledge through several generations, the continual cultural presence and the transmission of the cultural legacy.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any historical evidence, and therefore cannot be recognized as authentic civilizations.
In the American War for Independence, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no powers to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the powers of the states, who often refused to cooperate and not to carry out all its acts.
He also had no authority to abolish tax legislation and rates of the states.
To amend the law, it is necessary for a unanimous approval of all states, but the states have been so irresponsible to the central government that their representative
The Italian national football team, alongside Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup.
Popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, motorsport, auto racing.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions. Residents of Italy from these regions take part in international competitions and Olympics.
In Japan there are approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Honshu), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its geographical location, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
Taiwan’s beginnings go back to the 15th century, when European sailors, passing by, recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa, or
In 1624 the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, starting the transformation of indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese labourers to work on their rice and sugar
In 1683, the Qin Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal regions of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qin Empire.
In 1895, after the defeat in the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Chinese government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, which ceded Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three Windows Room.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a more accurate idea of how they looked originally.
By 1976 restoration of 30% of Machu Picchu. Works on restoration continue and still.
For example, the most common format for static photos – 35 mm, and this was the dominant size of film on the decline of the analog era.
It is still made, but more important is that the aspect ratio of the images inherited by digital cameras.
The 35-mm format is a bit confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into twelve, so that the ratio is small integers.
Many common formats (for example, the APS family) are close to or equal to these proportions.
Too often used and often mocked by the third rule is a simple recommendation that creates dynamics, while preserving a certain amount of order in the image.
It says that the best way to place the main object on an intersection of lines that divide the board into three parts vertically and horizontally (see the example
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which became rich and powerful, became the object of intense scrutiny.
Christianity has united Europe for more than a thousand years despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her omnipresent power touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used for the relief of suffering and poverty, and that the church's money exists for this purpose.
The center of the church's authority was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led to many doubting whether this dogma is being observed.
In the immediate aftermath of the war, Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated all the international laws, which were in force for two centuries,
Britain has sealed off international waters to prevent ships from entering whole sectors of the oceans, putting at risk even
Because the reaction to this tactic was muted, Germany expected a similar reaction to its unhindered submarine operations.
In the 1920s, many people and nations were pacifists and isolationists.
The countries wanted to avoid the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, so they tried to prevent such a situation
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted the offer to work for Edison in the city of New York.
He came to the USA with four dollars in his pocket, with a book of poetry and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas
In ancient China, the unique way of denoting periods of time was used; each stage of China or each family, which was in power, was a particular dynasty.
In addition, there was a great division and instability in the reigns of each dynasty. The most famous period of the Three Kingdoms was the 60 years of the reigns
In this period, there were many bloody battles between many noblemen fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient China. Thousands of people died in battle for the throne in the great hall in Xi'an.
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of a metre system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, and
Also after the Revolution, opportunities for work opened up to all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because ranks were based on qualities, not on origin.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics not connected with mundane life. He often visited a cave known as "Hira" on the mountain "Nur" (light)
And the cave which is preserved until this day, very vividly shows us the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is situated on the top of a mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to discover even to the one who knows of its existence. In the cave man is left in complete isolation.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above us and the multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world." #
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that exists today.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was built by the Egyptians in the third century B.C. and is one of the many large pyramidal structures built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, or the Valley of the Kings, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (including the Great Pyramid of Giza), several small tombs,
The Great Pyramid was built in honor of the Pharaoh Haps, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honor of his wives and his relatives.
The movement of the splice is represented by a V, and the movement of the splice down is represented by a square or a box without a bottom.
Up" means that you have to start with the tip of your pen and move the pointer forward, and "down" means that you have to start with the place where your hand holds the pointer and move it back.
The movement of the bridge up usually produces a softer sound, while the movement of the bridge down – a stronger and more forceful.
You can draw your own strokes, but remember that the strokes are printed for musical reasons, and they usually should be followed.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowds of women from the market forced the return of Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of Louis, Madame Elisabeth, back
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who screamed threats to the King and Queen.
A crowd of people forced the King and Queen wide open windows.
At some point one of the crowd members waved his hand in the direction of the royal guard killed in Versailles at the king’s
The American imperialism's military expenditures on the Philippines paid for themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and interest on the bonds issued by the Philippine government through banks in Wall Street.
Of course, the profits brought by the long-term exploitation of the Filipinos were the main source of income for American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context, which prompted them to create the order.
The period in which these events took place is called High Middle Ages, the period of European history that covers the period from 1000 to 1300 years (1000-1300 years).
The High Middle Ages replaced the earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that covers a wide range of practical ideas, from the technological imperative or technological determinism to a strict point of view that fates of people are determined by the underlying logic of science and its manifestation in
A majority of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technology development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own properties,
For example, we could say that the automobile is the necessary cause of road development.
However, the national road network is economically unprofitable only for a small group of cars, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a car.
Mass ownership of cars also results in an increase in the number of road accidents, which results in the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received on the roads.
Romanticism was a major component of cultural determinism, drawn from the works of such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography formed people, and over time, the customs and culture associated with the place of residence of this society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris is commonly known as the capital of fashion of the modern world, so was Constantinople considered the capital of fashion in the times of feudal Europe.
The glory of the city spread about 400 B.C. and continued for about 1100 years.
His status was falling down mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than the goods offered on the Byzantine markets.
At this moment and the title of the Capital of Fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between the 10th and 11th centuries and flourished in the 14th century.
At first, clothing was influenced by Byzantine culture on the east.
However, due to slow communication channels, styles in the west might be one to two decades behind.
Own styles began to develop in Western Europe towards the end of the Middle Ages. One of the greatest achievements of that time was the use of buttons to fasten clothing.
Natural agriculture is a farming practice that produces enough food for the farmer and his/her family.
Organic farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of the plants that grow in this ecosystem, together with the use of rotational farming and other relatively
Historically, most farmers have been engaged in agriculture for the purpose of feeding themselves, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Cultures unite people who feel marginalized by the society, and allow such people to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of the people from which they are composed.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Some subcultures often claim to be part of a group through a particular style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to illustrate several tragic cases when children were not socialized due to carelessness, unfortunate circumstances or intentional cruelty.
Wild children are called "wild" or "wild." Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such a refusal of their child was the result of not taking parents seriously his serious intellectual
Children who live on the streets, perhaps have experienced some of the most severe forms of violence or trauma before they escaped or were abandoned.
Others, as is claimed, were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild.
If he has been brought up by animals rather than men, a wild child displays the habits (within physical limits) of a particular animal which he has grown up with — for example, his fear or indifference to men." #
In contrast to the traditional teaching methods, the use of project-based learning is more simple and interesting, but the flipped classroom is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be either virtual or real. In other words, the teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual Squadron, which helps in learning, is embedded in the software and is intended to remind, explain and to ask questions about procedures, which may be too difficult for the learner to cope with alone.
Children are handed over to foster care for a variety of reasons: from being unemployed to being abused
Children should not grow up in a situation where they do not receive education, care and care.
We believe that the foster care system is safe for children.
Our child welfare system should provide safe housing, loving guardians, stable education and reliable health care.
Parental training must provide for all the needs which were not provided for in the house from which they had previously been removed.
The Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communication.
The unique features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
There is a suggestion that "learning" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for the use of the Internet (James et al.
Personal involvement" and "long-term relationships" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to Web sites
Video recording led to important discoveries in the field of interpretation of microexpressions - movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that one can determine whether a person is lying by the right interpretation of his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people with damaged brains are unable to understand speech, but can accurately assess the sincerity
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the twentieth century showed that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
A mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variations." #
Segregation and recombination with each generation of the tassel variations between two shots.
In the savanna, the primates with such an endocrine system as that of man, are unable to meet their nutritional needs by using the available plant resources.
Moreover, failure to meet this will lead to such serious consequences as slowing growth, malnutrition and, ultimately, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such rodents as we are, if they are not
In contrast, animal-based food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also rich in proteins, containing all the essential amino acid
Taking all of the above into consideration, it’s not surprising that our ancestors decided to solve the “protein problem” in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional awakening during normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short time (10–60 minutes).
It is easy to do with a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and still not wake you up completely.
If you find that you are resetting your alarm clock while you are asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room so that you will wake up and turn it off." #
Other options, based on biological rhythms, include drinking large amounts of liquid (in particular, water or tea, known diuretic) before going to bed, which forces the person to get up to urinate.
The amount of inner peace of man is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the life force present in you. Each person is potentially given the opportunity to attain absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it was supplemented by the Mahayana path of love and
The Tibetan Buddhist principle is very simple. It consists of kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of unconditional love
Kundalini energy (the energy of enlightenment) is awakened through yoga postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visual
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of the Deities. By visualization of various Deities, the channels are cleansed,
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, the differences over the system, process and culture led to discord between the countries
After two years of the end of the war former allies became enemies, and began the Cold War.
She would last for the next 40 years. In her were fought in real life, using indirect armies, in battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and in many other places in the world
On 17 September 1939 the Polish defense had already been breached, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet Red Army soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the occupation of the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Agreement, the Soviet-Soviet Pact of Non-Aggression, and other international
The use of ships for the transportation of goods is, of course, the most efficient way of transporting a large number of people and goods across oceans.
Work of seafarers traditionally consists in the ability to move the nation and goods, as well as simultaneously preventing the enemy to move the nation and goods.
One of the most interesting recent examples of this was the Atlantic crossing undertaken by the Americans during World War II. They attempted to transport people and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, German naval fleet, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the Allies had failed, Germany, it is likely that they could have won Britain as well as other European countries.
The cows, it is believed, were domesticated around 10,000 years ago in the mountains of Zagros.
Ancient cultures and tribes began to leave them to have milk, wool, meat and skin.
Homesteaders generally kept their cattle in herds that wandered around the hills or other pastures, over which often watched the shepherds, who were usually children or teenagers, which is similar to the more common activity of a shepherd.
The roads for carriages were built in England in the 16th century.
Although the mule trails were merely laid parallel to the logs, they gave horses the opportunity to carry more bulky loads and with higher speed than on slightly more bumpy trails of the time.
Slabs were used for quite a long time to hold rails in place. However, it became clear that the tracks were more effective when laid on a layer of iron above.
It has become a common practice, but iron has led to more wear on wooden wheels of wagons.
In the 17th century, wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transport was walking, people began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means straight man).
For their ancestors of the Australopithecines, walking straight was not as natural.
Bipedalism is found in the remains of Australopithecus afarensis from the Cretaceous period, although it is possible that the sahelanthropus walked on two legs already
We can start living more concerned about the environment. We can become members of environmental movements and even be activists to a little bit ease the suffering of the future.
Usually, it’s like treating the symptoms. If we need a temporary solution, we need to find the root of the problem and fix it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed significantly due to the influence of the scientific and technical development of humanity, and because of the overpopulation and extravagant lifestyle of people, the
After the adoption of Congress 4 July, the manuscript version, signed by the chairman of Congress John Hancock and secretary Charles Thompson, was sent to a few quarters in the printing workshop
In the night, 150 - 200 copies were made known as "Dante's flyers.
The first public reading of this document was made by John F. Kennedy in the front yard of Independence Hall on July 8th.
On July 6th, one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. A copy arrived in London 10 August.
25 copies of the Dalleep manuscripts, known to us at the present time, are the oldest surviving copies of the
Today many paleontologists believe that one of the groups of dinosaurs survived and lived to our days. We call them birds.
Often they are not considered dinosaurs, because they have feathers and they can fly.
But there is still much to say about birds, which still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and claws, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers that are used today are based on the processing of information that is encoded in binary numbers.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is, 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" or "bits", if you use computer jargon.
It may be difficult to diagnose an oral poisoning at once. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning may be the presence of an open container with a drug or toxic household chemical substance." #
Read the label, where you will find special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to refer to a group of insects.
This concept comes from the known from ancient times bed bugs - insects, well adapted to parasitism on the human.
And scavengers, and bed bugs are egg-laying species, adapted to life in the nest or home of their owner.
In the USA, approximately 400 thousand cases of RRMS (RRMS) are diagnosed each year, making RRMS the leading neurological disease in the young
Multiple sclerosis is a disease of the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the visual nerve.
The research showed that from multiple sclerosis suffers twice as many women as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child is not in their best interests or the best interests of their child.
The pairs can choose to create a plan for adoption of their child.
When a child is adopted or a foster child is placed with a biological parent, the biological parent is no longer allowed to have any rights to the child." #
The main objective of science is to find out how the world is made, by applying scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
He is, however, not the only. Scientific research also follows experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and observing.
Naturalists and philosophers focused their attention on anti-texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, were accepted the views of Aristotle.
As knowledge of Greek language deteriorated, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are largely dependent on the presence of endogenous rhythms and their production by biological clocks." #
Periodic rhythms, not being simply a response to periodic external stimuli, have been recorded in most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even without external stimuli." #
The experiment of Hersch and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
The worms with Chess implanted their DNA into bacteria with the help of phages, that is, viruses.
They conducted two experiments, labeling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactive sulfur DNA of the phage.
Mutations can cause a great variety of results depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material, and whether the mutated cells are embryonic
Only mutations in germline cells can be passed on to children, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who love to travel to nature, to admire the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the list of examples of active tourism on the site - hunting, fishing, bird watching, photography, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
But the example is the visit to the orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in the countryside to go to work, and by their side pass those whose work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in some way is connected to the system of personal cars, and supports it.
Now science points out that the enormous oil economy has influenced one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported evolution of mankind for the last two million years.
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why are there so many complaints about transport systems, why do they daily break down? Is it because transport engineers are incompetent? Or there are more fundamental reasons?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out in the framework of the study of traffic flows.
It is difficult to study the intensity of traffic because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver.
Fortunately, drivers' behavior is often quite systematic; therefore, traffic flows in general have some systematicity and can be approximated mathematically.
To better understand the traffic flow, were established relationships between three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, design and operation of railway facilities.
The insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies easier, to find food and partners." #
A large number of insects have the ability to fold their wings along the body, which gives them an advantage.
This provides them with more hiding places, where they can hide from predators.
Spiders and beetles are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, the name of Aristarchus said that the Solar System revolves around the Sun.
Many people thought he was right, but many believed that the Solar System revolved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars)." #
It seems reasonable to us because we don’t feel that the Earth is moving, do we?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first in terms of volume. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on the planet, its width sometimes exceeding six miles.
20 percent of the water that enters the oceans from rivers flows from the Amazon.
The Amazon River has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
However, despite the fact that the construction of pyramids of stones continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of pyramids in Giza has
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians, they were enthralled by monuments, created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
The Vatican City population is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, as well as the smallest population country.
The Vatican uses Italian in legislation and official communications.
Italian is also the everyday language of most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
People from ancient times knew the basic chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that all is composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air, and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also conjectured that they would transition into a new state, to produce what we see.
Smelts are a mixture of two or more metals. Do not forget that in the periodic table there are many elements.
These elements, such as calcium and potassium, are considered metals. Of course, there are also such metals as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain small amounts of such nonmetallic elements as carbon." #
Everything in the Universe is made of matter. Matter consists of atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small, that trillions of them can fit on the period at the end of
So, the pencil became a good friend for many people when it appeared.
It is sad that when new ways of writing appeared, pencil lost its former status and it was less used.
Now people write messages on screens, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
It is only a guess that what will happen to the keyboard, with the appearance of more modern technologies.
Atomic bombs work on the principle that for the number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, energy is required.
Like pushing a heavy cart up a hill. Then the re-splitting of the nucleus releases some of this energy
Some atoms have unstable nuclei, which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence
The Moon's surface consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents." #
She is thinner under the lunar seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side of the moon may be more lunar seas, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier
Content theories focus on the search for what makes people act or might interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate inside during their development.
The theories turn to what makes people want to do what they do, and what surrounds them makes them do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories of content - is the "Pyramid of needs" and "Two-factor theory of motivation F. Herzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can be observed when managers start to lead people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is trying to be "his or her man" (or woman).
The managers who are difficult to take unpopular decisions, discipline measures, evaluate the results of work, distribute responsibilities and to bring employees to responsibility.
On the other end of the spectrum, a man becomes an unrecognizable individual, who seems to have to change everything that the team did, and take
Because the leader ultimately bears the responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This kind of behaviour often leads to conflicts between leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual commands follow the same standards of excellence as regular commands, but there are some minor differences.
Virtual members of the team often perform the role of a point of contact for their direct physical group.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional teams, because their teams can meet at different time zones, which is not always understand local management.
The presence of a true invisible team (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of the virtual team.
The invisible team" is a team of managers that reports to each member. The invisible team sets standards for each member.
Why should organizations go through the tedious process of creating self-learning organizations? One of the objectives of using self-learning organizations in practice
When all available resources are effectively used across all functional units of the organization, creativity and inventiveness can be manifested.
In the end, a united effort of the organization to overcome the obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that will be in the interests of the
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge exchange and accumulation of experience.
Engel (2006) explains the Continuum approach as a method used to help organizations achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The data of neurobiology provide physical evidence for the theoretical approach to studying consciousness. Thus, the scope of research is narrowed, and it becomes much
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It has long been known that various types of injuries, trauma, injuries and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some psychological functions.
The new technologies allow us to see and explore previously unseen structures and processes of the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for the creation of imitation models, which help understand processes taking place in our mind.
Although artificial intelligence is firmly associated with science fiction, it forms a very important direction in computer science, which is studying the behavior and learning of machines and "infusing" them
AI research includes the creation of machines for automation tasks that require intelligent behavior.
Here are some examples of what you can use: control, planning and creating a schedule, response to diagnoses and questions from the customer, and biometrics, handwriting and voice recognition
These issues are dealt with in separate disciplines, aimed at solving the problems we encounter in everyday life.
At the present time, AI is often used in economics, medicine, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Study tours are very important for any class. Sometimes teachers want to take their students to places where buses cannot go.
The technology provides a solution by virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Updating your class's tour online for the world to see is also a great way to refresh your memory and share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennet High School in South Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of the state, and each year the site is updated, but access to the old versions is still preserved — they serve
Blogs can also improve writing skills. Although students often start their blog using poor grammar and spelling, this is usually morphs into a better writing style as the blog audience is present.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the author of this blog starts striving to improve his writing to avoid criticism.
In addition, blogging helps students better understand the world around them. Students are inspired to be smart and interesting, drawing attention to themselves (Toto, 2004).
Bloggership is an instrument that stimulates cooperation, and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
The proper use of blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, as well as to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a large number of art galleries and museums, which open the
On the south is Niagara Falls, and the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and its surroundings
All this and more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are rarely populated, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of population: in the US more blacks than Canadians.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean off the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other and is a unique continent in that respect.
Almost all of the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as luxurious beach resorts." #
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Coromandel and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 15th century, when Vasco da Gama discovered the way from Europe to India.
North of the region is the city of Sahel, on the south and west Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists are advised to say that they are married, irrespective of their present marital status.
Also useful to wear a ring (not too expensive to look at).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may make them feel that they are being pursued, that they are being touched, etc., and that they are
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berbers in the X century B.C. It was used by the Romans, the Phoenicians
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as Castra Branca, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
King of Morocco reconstructed the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and the Spanish traders who created here trading bases, named it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting shopping destinations in all of Morocco.
In the old medina you can find places where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather goods, cigarettes and a whole range of trinkets, but all this for
Gaoma is a tourist town on the eastern border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
The city of Goma was destroyed by a volcanic eruption in 2002, which buried under its streets, especially the central part of the city.
Goma is a safe place, but it is always advisable to check the information on travel outside Goma, in order to understand the current state of the fighting in the province of North Kivu.
This city is also the starting point for climbing the volcano Nyiragongo, and here you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the most affordable prices in Africa.
You can go to Goma on a boda-boda (motorcycle taxi). The normal fare is 500 CFA francs for a
In addition to its relatively remote location, "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for an exotic far land.
Today, Tobruk is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and in it there is an airport.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List because of the threat of desert sands.
When shooting the program by Henry Louis Gates,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
This city is very different from other cities in the country, because it is dominated by the Arab character, rather than African.
The Kruger National Park is located in the north-west of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its southern
The park covers an area of 19 500 km2; it has 14 different ecozones, each of which is a habitat for different wild animals.
It is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered to be the leading among South African national parks (SANPark
As in all South African national parks, this park has a daily fee for its protection and visitation.
Also may be beneficial to buy Wild Card, which allows visits to national parks of South Africa either selectively or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honor of the island of Hong Kong, the place many tourists consider the main object of
The grid of buildings that make up the horizon of Hong Kong are compared to a sparkling column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria H
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, you should leave the island and head to the coast of the Tsuen Wan Peninsula, which is
The highest elevation in the territory is at Tai Mo Shan, 957 metres (3,140 ft) above sea level.[140] Hong Kong'
This is a place that the British colonists took over, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, this is a good
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt extending from the shoreline to 80 km (50 miles) into the interior of the continent in Bangladesh and
Sundaram was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park Sundaram.
These forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sundaran is a 3850 sq. km., of which about 30% is covered with water or swamps.
Sundaburn is a wildlife reserve and, according to the latest counts, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer in the area.
The buses depart from the inter-district bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most of them leave at 06:30 or 07:15.
Because buses in the district are often overcrowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Many districts are served by small Japanese buses Coaster, comfortable and reliable.
The bus is a quick and convenient way to reach such nearby places as Paro (150 Ngultrums) and Punokha (200 Ngultrums).
The bridge over the Oyapock River is a cable-stayed bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and
The two towers reach 83 m high and the bridge itself is 378 m long and has two traffic lanes with a width of 3.5 m.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August of 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March of 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters, who
The area of Chaco served as home to different groups of local tribes, for example for Guaicuro and Paguayo, they survived by hunting, gathering and fishing
In the 16th century Paraguay, which had previously been called "the vast province of the East Indies", emerged as a result of the conflict between Spanish conquistadors and
The Spaniards began colonization, which lasted three centuries.
From its founding in 1537, Paraguai has largely succeeded in preserving much of its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December at polo fields in Las Canoas.
Less-large tournaments and matches can also be watched at other times of the year.
To learn about polo news and where to buy tickets for polo matches, visit the Argentine Polo Association website.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands Pound (FKP), which is equivalent to the value of one British Po
Money can be exchanged in one bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West shop.
Usually, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the Isles. In Stanley, they will also often accept credit cards and US dollars.
On remote islands credit cards may not be accepted, though British and American currencies may be accepted; make sure you clarify with the owners which payment method is acceptable.
The Falkland Islands are virtually impossible to exchange for outside of the islands, so exchange your money before you leave.
Because Montevideo is located south of the equator, there is summer in the northern hemisphere, and vice versa.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In summer months, the air temperature above +30°C is a normal occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: temperature rarely drops below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There are no particularly "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of precipitation is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are accustomed to seeing people, nature is still wild, so don’t feed or disturb animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - bison, elk, bears and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year hundreds of visitors get injured because they do not respect the necessary distance. These animals are large, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
Also remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or carrying with you smelly food, and keep the camp clean.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. It is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 people.
Apia was founded in 1850s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The bay was the site of a bitterly-fought naval battle in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Britain
All ships sank except one British cruiser. More than 200 American and German sailors were killed.
At the time of the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, a peaceful assembly in the city led to the murder of the supreme leader
Here are many beaches, as Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three areas
The beaches of North Shore (in the area of North York) are located in the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Beach on the north to Devo
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shady thanks to such trees as the Guava." #
In the central part of Auckland, where the bay of Wātimata is home to the exclusive residential suburbs of Mill Bay and St Heliers
This is sometimes crowded with people family beaches with good choice of shops along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta.
There are many French wines that can be drunk, however New Zealand and Australian wines can better be transported.
Local tap water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have concerns, it’s not difficult to find and bottled water.
Australians are baffled by the idea of "flat white". "Little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a great quality.
On the reef, there are a large number of trips, and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the reef are rare.
Although follow the recommendations of the authorities, obey all signs and pay close attention to warnings about safety.
Cyclometra is found near river mouths and beaches in the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be found outside this period
Sharks really exist, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
These crocodiles are not active in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers north of Rockingham.
Pre-booking allows travellers to not worry about where to stay when they arrive at their destination.
Tour operators often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites.
Travel agents usually sell packages of offers, which include breakfast, airport transfers or even combined packages, which include flights and accommodation in a hotel.
In addition, they can keep the reservation if you need time to think about the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, a visa
Any changes or requests should be sent to the travel agency, not directly to the hotel.
Some music festivals, the vast majority of participants sleep directly on the territory of the festival, and most of them consider this an essential part of the program.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive early to find a campsite near the music.
Remember that even if the music on the main stages may be over, there may still be areas where music will continue until late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, learn about the location of the cabin, because the passage through the ice leads to quite a frightening noise, which can disturb the most sensitive people." #
Cruises to St. Petersburg include sightseeing tours. Passengers on cruises are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
In general, casinos try to make customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. There are no clocks and windows outside, and exits can be difficult to find." #
They usually offer a special food, drinks and entertainment, so guests are in a good mood and do not leave the establishment.
In some establishments offer free alcohol. However, drunkenness makes you lose your head, and all good players know that it is
Everyone planning to drive high-mountain areas or high-mountain passes should be aware of the possibility of snow, ice
On the icy and snowy road, friction is low, and you will not be able to drive as well as on the
In the case of snowfall sufficient amount of snow to be stuck, can fall in a very short period of time.
The visibility may also be restricted due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and traffic continues year-round almost without breaks.
Safari is probably the biggest lure for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term "safari" in everyday use refers to a land trip with the purpose of seeing breathtaking wildlife in Africa, especially in the
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach machines, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view." #
Lions, cheetahs and leopards sometimes are cautious, and you will see them better through a binocular.
Hiking safari (also called "bushwalking", "hiking" or "walking") consists of a hike of several hours to several
The Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will take place in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city that twice hosted summer Olympic Games. The first was in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date has been announced for the transfer, you may have a difficult situation.
Orders to cancel orders may vary, but at the end of March most rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were scheduled.
It is expected that most of the tickets for events will cost from 2,500 to 15,000 yen, with a standard ticket price of about 7,500 yen.
Dry cleaning helps clothes dry. Many hotels offer to rent iron and ironing board, even if they are not available in the room.
If you don’t have a hair dryer or you don’t like the idea of wearing clean socks, you can try a hair dryer if it
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperatures (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different ways to clean water, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in others it will require a few minutes.
Filters work differently, and if you have doubts, you should consider buying water in sealed bottles and from a credible company." #
Travelers may encounter animals that they have never seen in their home districts.
Predators can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release poison or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals which can cause damage or death to a person, usually are not considered pests.
Shopping "duty free" is a chance to buy in certain points goods without taxes and excise taxes.
Travellers heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a substantial amount, especially on such items as alcohol and tobacco.
The section between Point Marion and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, desolate and forested areas.
If you're not used to driving on country roads, beware: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits are lowered significantly below the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km / h) - and strict compliance with them is even more important than
However, as strange as it may seem, mobile telephony in this area is much better than in many other parts of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, Wyoming.
German bakery goods are quite good. In Bavaria they are plentiful and varied and look like the baking of their southern neighbour, Austria." #
Fruit pastries are popular, pastries with apples – all year round, and cherries and plums appear in summer.
German cakes often use hazelnuts, walnuts and other wood nuts. Popular cakes often go well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but tasty sweet pastries, try what is called a "pancake" or "bun" with a filling.
Curry is a dish made of herbs and spices combined with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "wet".
In the internal regions of Pakistan and Northern India in curry is used yogurt. In South India and the individual regions of the subcontinent usually use coconut milk.
Indonesian cuisine, having 17 000 islands to choose from, is a general term used to describe a vast variety of regional cuisines, found throughout the country.
But without further clarification this term is usually used to refer to food from central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, widely popular throughout the archipelago, includes a wide range of simple condiments. The most popular are nuts, chili, sugar (especially yavanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic spices.
Horse reins are the leg supports of the rider.
They provide the horse with better stability, but they can be problems with security, because there is a possibility of a stallion's foot getting stuck.
If the horse drops the rider, but the leg is caught in the stirrup, a running horse can drag the rider along. To minimize this risk, you can take a number of precautions.
Firstly, most horse riders wear boots for riding with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual stirrups, especially English, are equipped with protective braces, which allow the leather stirrup to fall off the seat if it is pulled back by a falling rider.
Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
At the top you can enjoy breathtaking mountain scenery. Climbers from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Alpine skiing is the main tourist destination for many skiers (sometimes called "ski bums"), planning their entire holiday around skiing in a particular place.
The idea of skiing is very old: rock paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC!
Skiing as a sport dates back at least to the XVII century, and in 1861 the Norwegians opened the first entertainment ski club in Australia.
Skiing is also known as backcountry skiing, ski touring or hiking on skis.
It is related, but usually does not include walking up the mountain and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots." #
Imagine that a ski route is a pedestrian route.
You can easily cover a greater distance than you would be able to cover on foot, but you can only achieve this speed on skis when you do not have a heavy pack and there is a ski trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent states. In normal circumstances, traveling through many countries meant that one had to apply for a visa and multiple passport controls.
But the Schengen area in this respect functions as a single country.
When you’re in this zone, you usually can cross the border without going through passport control again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the Schengen member states separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as an antique.
This concept has geographic variants, where the age limit in such places as North America is less than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as antiques, despite the fact that they are younger than mass-produced products.
Sheep raising is an important source of livelihood for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this tradition is not all the Sámi people engaged in mass rearing of deer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using deer mainly as a carriage animal.
Today many Sami are engaged in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region Lapland.
Although the word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the
If a country is recommended to be avoided, this may affect your medical insurance during your trip or your trip cancellation insurance.
Maybe you should consult with other governments besides your own, but their advice is aimed at their own citizens.
Here's one example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East may face situations that they can't face in Europe or Arabs.
In the news reports there is only a brief description of the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified in comparison to widely available more detailed information.
Unfavourable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous weather phenomenon capable of causing any damage, causing social upheavals or leading to human casualties." #
Bad weather conditions are everywhere in the world, and they can be of different types, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy precipitation and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather phenomena such as hurricanes, tornadoes, watersp
Regional and seasonal weather hazards include snowstorms, blizzards, dust storms, and ice storms.
Travelers are strongly encouraged to take into account any risks associated with harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any travel plans.
All those planning to visit a country which may be considered as a zone of military action must undergo professional training.
Searching for the phrase "safety course in hostile environment", may lead to the address of a local company.
The course usually covers more in-depth the topics discussed here, more often with practical training.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes playing scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines on survival in the wild are very common, but there are very few publications on the battlefields.
People planning to undergo gender reassignment surgery abroad should ensure they have the correct documentation to return home.
The Government are prepared to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated with regard to the desired name and sex in different places.
The willingness of foreign governments to comply with their obligations under these documents is so varied.
Checkpoint inspections have become much more stringent after September 11, 2001.
Transgenders who are preparing for surgery should not expect that they will be able to pass through the scanners and their private lives and dignity will not be affected.
A breakwater is a wave that breaks against a shore or sometimes against a reef or something similar.
Reverse flow concentrates in a few deeper areas where rapid flow can form a fast flow that goes deep, due to the similar underwater topology
The majority of deaths occur as a result of exhaustion attempting to return to the water against the current, which can be impossible.
As soon as you leave the current, you’ll be back in the same place you were before.
If you're going to try and get away from them again, or if you've been spotted, you may want to wait for rescue.
The shock to return to the homeland is earlier than the cultural shock (here a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and is more severe.
Travelers who are easily accustomed to a new culture sometimes find it particularly difficult to adapt to their own native culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and lost some of your native culture's habits.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, treated you with patience and understanding, knowing that travellers need to adapt to a new country.
For some people it may be surprising that patience and understanding are necessary to travelers who have returned home.
Sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show begins.
The noise of tourists and sellers is usually heard.
The Sphinx is the background and narrator of a long story.
Scenes show on the pyramids, and different pyramids are lit.
The South Shetland Islands are claimed by several countries. There are more bases on these islands in 2020 than in 1819, when sixteen were active.
The archipelago is located 120 kilometers from the peninsula. The largest island is named after King George with the settlement of Villas-las-Esper
Others include the island of Livingston and Deepsea, where the active caldera of a volcano is a spectacular natural harbor." #
The land of Eluthera is a region south of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain range called Eluthera, divided by the
North of the ridge, that is, on the ridge Sentinel, are the highest mountains of Antarctica – the massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892
In remote areas outside the coverage area of mobile phones, satellite phones can be your only option.
Usually a satellite phone is not a replacement for a mobile phone because you need to be outside in the direct observation zone of the satellite to make a call.
The service is used in maritime transport, including fast-moving vessels, where there is a need for remote data and voice transmission.
Most likely, you will be able to get more information about this service, contacting your local telephone operator.
The option becoming more and more popular for those who plan to take an academic year, is to travel and study.
This is especially popular among school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting their education at risk.
In many cases, enrollment in a foreign course during a student's vacation can actually increase your chances of getting into a higher education institution in your home country.
In general, tuition fees are charged for such programmes.
Finland is a great place for boating. In "land of thousand lakes" there are thousands of islands on lakes and in coast
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can quite well live without a boat.
But the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can actually accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even canoes
Sailing is a national form of leisure in Finland. In particular, on seven or eight people is one boat.
An analogous situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is between one and forty).
Most Baltic cruises include extended stay in St. Petersburg.
This means that you can spend several full days in this historical city, and then return to the ship.
If you go to the beach only as an excursion on the ship, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
Some cruise brochures show Berlin, Germany. As you can see on the map on the top, Berlin is far from the sea and visiting the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Flying a plane can be scary for anyone of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth to be ashamed of: it is not different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are very many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from uncertainty or inability to control the process.
The delivery services are paid well for fast delivery. Sometimes the speed of delivery of commercial documentation, goods or spare parts for urgent repairs is very important.
Some routes are operated by larger companies, but for other routes and smaller companies with this was a problem.
If they were to send anything as an air cargo, it would take several days to load and clear customs.
The only way to get it sorted out is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's rules do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, so you'll have
The easiest way to fly in first or business class is to pay for it (or better yet, to force your company to pay for you).
Of course, this is not cheap – in a rough approximation you will pay four times more for business and eleven times more for first class!
In general, there is no point even looking for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know that there is a certain core group of passengers who are willing to pay a large sum for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and comfortably, so they do so.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely spoken.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed Transdniestria on the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by
 Despite the failure of political negotiations, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
The main religion in Moldova is the Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transport hub.
Smyrna once was a thriving city, but today it is a modern, developed and lively shopping center, located along the vast bay and
The wide boulevards, the glass facades of modern shopping malls interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, the old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than a traditional Turkish one.
From the village of Haldorsvik you can see the nearby island of Estura, as well as the unusual octagonal church.
On the church cemetery there are interesting marble statues of birds.
It is worth spending half an hour and strolling around the unusual village.
Compared to the north, this romantic and charming town of Sintra, praised by Lord Byron and then famous all over the world.
Scotturb No.403 runs regular buses to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
Also visit the Great Fatima Shrine (the tomb of the Virgin Mary), which is the place of the world-famous apparitions of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you, in principle, are on the site of a mass grave, and a place that is unimaginably important to a large percentage of the inhabitants of
There are still many men and women who have lived here, but there are more people whose relatives were killed here or worked here until death, whether Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please, treat this place with all the respect, seriousness and dignity it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and Nazis.
Do not vandalize this place, defacing or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most people understand it, and most people know Spanish.
However, most signs are only in Catalan, because it is the first official language.
In addition, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The usual announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned disruptions are announced automatically in many languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be egocentric, rude and arrogant.
“Let it be said often enough that it is but a false stereotype,” said the King, “but the best way to succeed in Paris is to behave as a well-bred man. It will greatly ease your adaptation here.”
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish right away, if you show a little politeness.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.The forest is mainly covered by beech, oak and pine trees.
The diversity of microclimates, different soils and elevations make it possible to represent a particularly wide range of plant communities.
The area is rich in various kinds of animals and birds.
Here one can find rare species of fauna, for example, European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, fox, wild cat and pheasant, as well
Women should wear skirts below the knees and covered shoulders when visiting monasteries.
In most monasteries, women are given the habit if they come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially brightly colored, monk or nun at the
Likewise, men should wear trousers that covered their knees.
They can be picked up at the door, however, this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not feel comfortable in these skirts. One size fits all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as the cuisine of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (especially pork), with a widespread use of olive oil." #
The most popular dish for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, and also the word Sie, which means you, always write with capital letters even in the middle of the sentence.
It is important to distinguish verbs and adjectives.
It is also likely to simplify reading, while writing is complicated by the need to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the substantive form.
Pronunciation in Italian is relatively simple, because most words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is very important to pay attention to the letters c and g, coz their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel." #
Also be sure to remember that r and rr are pronounced differently: caro means "dear", while carro means "cart.
In Persian language, relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
So reading this Persian grammar book will help you to learn a lot of new and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you know the Roman group language, it will be easier for you to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish will quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar enough to be taught separately.
Ancient observatories are usually considered to be outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution during their peak was not such a problem as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in the present time.
Most modern astronomical telescopes are huge structures in remote areas with favorable atmosphere conditions.
Watching the blossoming of the cherry blossom, called "hanami", has entered Japanese culture since the 8th
This idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan the first celebrations of the blossoming of sakura were held only for the imperial court.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't fall for the temptation to take at least one specimen.
If you visit the official garden, you will be asked to take a sample of the "standards" and will be expelled without any discussion.
Singapore is generally a safe place to be, and it is easy to navigate, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, being in the "tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to cope with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely).
There are several buses that go to the north in Hebron - a legendary place of burial of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob
Make sure that the bus you are going to take is heading to Hevron, not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Internal waterways can be a good topic for a party.
For example, a visit to the castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise along the attractions of the Danube, or a boat trip
They also define the routes for popular walking and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition to spend the night in a place open to the sky, so that you can see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it could also be a pagan ritual of spring and fertility.
More traditional churches often hold a Paschal service on Saturday evening during the Easter holidays, with the congregation usually starting the celebrations at midnight.
All the animals that originally arrived on these islands reached here by swimming, by air or by being swept along by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals couldn’t get to the place, making the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galapago
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been brought, including goats, horses, cows
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic in the winter, you will learn what the polar night is like when the sun does not rise above the horizon
This is a good opportunity to see the Northern Lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
As these areas are sparsely populated, and as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also enjoy the stars." #
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what we are used to in the West.
The clothes are standard business attire, and colleagues address one another by name or by position.
It is extremely important to have harmony in the workplace, and group work is valued more than individual achievements
The employee must obtain permission from the boss before taking any decisions and must obey the orders of the boss." #
