Now we have four-month old mice, who no longer have diabetes.
According to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and the chairman of clinical-scientific department of Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still at an early stage.
As with some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already developed.
On Monday, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature at the Swedish Academy, Sara Danius, publicly announced during a radio broadcast that the committee had been unable to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016 and that it was discontinuing its attempts to do so.
Danius said: "At this time we do nothing. I called and sent emails to his closest employee and received very friendly responses. At this time, of course, that's enough.
In the past, Ring CEO Jamie Sinofsky noted that this company began with the fact that he didn’t hear the doorbell ring in his garage.
He said that he created a doorbell that works from WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance in the show "Shark Tank" in 2013 where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In late 2017, Siminoff appeared on the QVC television channel.
In addition, Ring settled the dispute with its competitors, the security firm ADT Corporation.
Nevertheless, despite the fact that there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce mortality from Ebola virus, there is no medication that has shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but official studies showed that it had less benefit in preventing death than was expected earlier.
In the PALM test, ZMapp served as a control level, that is, the scientists used it as a basis and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and agrees that it is absolutely necessary to create a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more appropriately, should be reformed within our organization, rather than its revocation.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would be able to shine a light on how such a widespread, so brazenly described by the surviving victims of Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long, and supports all appropriate and appropriate in this case changes.
The United States Gymnastics Federation and the United States Olympic Committee have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes can strive to their goals in a safe, positive environment and have all the rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski served as a senior advisor to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976 he was Carter's foreign policy advisor. In 1977 he became Carter's national security advisor. In 1981 he became Carter's national security advisor.
Being a national security advisor, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the signing of Camp David Accords in 1978, the normalization of Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, the formulation of policy on the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the invasion of
This film with the participation of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won nominations in all the main categories.
Gosling and Stone were nominated for best actor and actress, respectively.
In addition to the other nominations: "Best Picture", "Director", "Camerawork", "Cinematography", "Costume Design", "Editing", "Original Music", "Sound", "Original Screenplay" and "Original Score.
Two songs from the movie – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
At night, the US president Donald Trump through his press secretary said that American troops would leave Syria.
The statement was made after the phone call between President Trump and President Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will take the main role in the question of guarding captured ISIS fighters, which, according to the statement, European countries did not agree to return home.
It is not only confirms that, at least, some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not obtained from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
The scientists say that the plumage of this animal was above a khaki-brown color, and below it was either pale or had carotenoid pigmentation.
The find also allows you to get acquainted with the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed quill, called rachis, but still there are other distinguishing features — beards and beards — researchers came to the conclusion that rachis, probably, appeared later by evolution." #
The feather structure leads to the conclusion that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. Researchers have suggested that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample presented adult feathers, not feathers of a chick
Researchers believe that despite the fact that this is a tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not the fluff of a chick.
Yesterday morning near the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey) a car was set on fire, resulting in the death of 2 policemen and more than 20 people were injured.
The office of the governor said 19 of the wounded were police officers.
The police said on Wednesday that the suspected militant of the Daesh (ISIL) was suspected of the attack.
They found that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that all stars in the system are determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total luminance and rotational velocity is used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The less the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in respect to reversals of the magnetic field.
Iwasaiko often got into trouble during travelling.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The 802.11n standard operates on both frequencies – 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual receiver.
802.11n speeds are significantly faster than its predecessors with maximum theoretical throughput of 600 Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two grown-up children, did not impress Miller, who was told this story.
When Mike asked for comment, he said: "Mike talks a lot during hearings... I was prepared, so I didn’t really listen to what he was saying.
We will make efforts to significantly reduce CO2 emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 compared to 2005 levels," said Mr. Hu.
He did not name the figure for cuts in budgets, saying that they will be made on the basis of the productivity of the Chinese economy.
Hu called for developing countries to avoid the old pattern, in which they first pollute, and then clean.
They, however, should not be asked to take on obligations that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
No one can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation can stop religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The opening statement calls for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current Iraqi government's policy towards Iraq and a call for immediate change of course.
The first among 78 recommendations is that we should implement a new diplomatic initiative by the end of this year to strengthen the Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention, and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced her candidacy for President yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the cost of providing financial support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal" by President Bush.
Liberal criticism of the efforts to restore concentrated on the fact that the contracts for the restoration works were presumably given to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to attend the funerals.
The number of people present was so great that not all could get to St. Peter's Square, where the funerals were taking place.
In various places in Rome large television screens were installed, so that people could watch the ceremony.
Like this platforms, which was visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past policy of the FBI for the fact that it allocated a large part of resources to cases that are easy to be solved, especially on cases of car theft, in order to increase the level of success of
Congress began funding the initiative to fight pornography in 2005 tax year and determined that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to fight adult pornography.
Robin Utthacha scored the most points in an inning: 70 rebounds for 41 attempts, blocked 11 shots and 2 steals.
The middle-distance strikers Satish Tendulkar and Rakhul Dravid performed well and earned a score of 100 in tandem.
However, after losing the gate captain India made only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for the end of innings.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on November 16, beginning his week-long tour of Asia.
His welcome was given by Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats in the mid-term elections, Bush announced that trade with Asia was expanding.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for consideration in the second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Layton in the Opposition
On the meeting with the Prime Minister, Leighton asked to make changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since then, the federal government intervened and took on the financing of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the state government and some members of the federal Parliament have criticised this action as a ruse in the run-up to federal elections which
However, Prime Minister John Howard said that it was done only to protect the hospital from cuts by the government of Tasmania by providing additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest data, the observations of the level of the sea indicated the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Pahoa and Niue.
No serious damage or casualties have been reported from Tonga, but there has been a temporary power outage, which, according to the information available, did not allow the Tongan authorities to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC).
There are fourteen schools on the Hawaiian Islands, located near the coast or on it, which were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of warnings.
President George W. Bush welcomed this statement.
Gordon Johndroe, the spokesman for the Bush administration, said North Korea’s promise to denuclearize the Korean peninsula was a “major step in the process of achieving a verifiable nuclear disarmament of the Korean peninsula.”
Today in the Atlantic Ocean a subtropical cyclone named Jerry has formed, it is the tenth named cyclone this season in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, Hurricane Jerry does not present any threat to land.
A US Army engineer estimates that 6 inches of rain could have broken through the damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded at 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is now at least half-submerged because the levee, which is nearby, was not high enough to hold back the water.
Water flows over the dam on a 100-foot wide strip.
The administrator of the Commons Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment in the deletions in his conversation with Wikinews last month.
He [Wales] lied to us from the start. First of all, acting as if it was necessary to do this legally. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images.
The public outrage led to the development of a regulation regarding the content of sexually explicit materials for this site, where millions of media materials are licensed under an open license.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
As like attracts like, so the Milky Way attracts the galaxy in the Sign of the Scorpion.
The scientists concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, much of the dark matter around the Galaxy is located in the form of an annulus and consists of a large number
In television reports, it is reported that white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station to stay in the rooms, turn off air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Japan Atomic Energy Agency, the plant was found to contain radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities believe that this indicates a possible leak and a rupture in the containers with uranium fuel located on the site.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll found that XDR-TB was extremely resistant to treatment. 
In an interview, he said that the new strain "causes very high concerns, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were health care workers in the hospital.
In just one year an infected person can infect from 10 to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of TB patients is still low; 6000 out of 330 000 currently infected in South Africa.
The satellites each weighing more than one thousand pounds and moving at a speed of approximately 17 500 miles per hour collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists believe that the explosion that resulted from the collision was very powerful.
They still attempt to determine the extent of the collision and how much damage Earth will suffer.
The Strategic Command of the Department of Defense is looking for the wreckage.
The results of the analysis of the charts will be published on an open website.
The prosecution will be presented with the charge of murder in the aggravated circumstances, after the woman's mother was found dead in the trunk of her car on Wednesday, state officials in Ohio said.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, was found lying on the ground next to the road in a shirt and underwear and, it is believed, under the influence of strong narcotics.
She sent officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found Saroj Balasubramanian's body covered in bloody sheets.
The police said that the body, probably, was there for about a day.
First cases of disease in this season were reported in July.
Transmitters are swine, from which the disease is then transmitted to man through mosquitoes.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as installing traps for swine in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines in the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956 he moved to Sweden, where three years later he began working for Swedish post company, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detail, that he is one of the few "names" among philatelists. Some specialize only in collecting his
His magnificent thousand-mark of 2000 is reproducing "Great Deeds of Swedish Kings" by David-Clecker Ernestral, it was included in the Guinness Book of Records." #
In addition, he was engaged in engraving banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his works are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada of 5 and
After the accident Gibson was taken to the hospital, but died shortly afterwards.
The driver of the truck was not injured in the accident.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident on the same day about 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage nearby the place where the accident occurred said: "There were children there waiting to cross the road. They all cried and wailed.
Everyone ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda at Bali include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technologies to help developing countries with lower environmental impacts.
The UN is also hoping to complete the creation of a fund to assist countries suffering from global warming, to fight its consequences.
These funds can go to the construction of houses, resistant to floods, rational use of water resources and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion because of numerous positive feedback and support she received from both women and men, who asserted that contraceptives ought to be considered as a medical need.
When the fight ended, after the injured were taken to the hospital, more than 40 prisoners remained outside and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to correct the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are not clear.
Fire broke out in the yard between 10:00 and 11:00 pm in the mountain time.
In a short time, the guards in protective gear passed through the yard and locked the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
In the result of the fire brigade extinguished the fire at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963 the seasonal floods, spreading deposits, ceased.
This sediment was required for the formation of beaches and pebbly shores, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two species of fish, and two other, including the toothed pike, were put under threat of extinction.
Despite the fact that after the flood the water level will only rise by a few feet, the authorities are hoping that this will be enough to restore the washed-out sandbars below
There were no tsunami warnings and according to the note from the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the earthquake’s magnitude was not higher than 6.5." #
Although there is no threat of tsunami, residents began panicking and leaving their companies and their homes.
While Whitney was ready to shed a tear during the farewell, she gave her fans a hint that she would return.
It won’t be a farewell. It’s the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
The final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia showed that the incumbent president, Hfikepunye Pohamba, was re-elected with a
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) in South Africa also retained its majority in the parliamentary elections.
The coalition and Afghan forces have moved to the area to protect the site, and another aircraft has been dispatched to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is thought that it was the result of enemy fire.
The attempts to find the crash site encounter bad weather conditions and difficult terrain.
Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization have said this is the most severe outbreak in the country's history.
The representative of the organization "Doctors Without Borders" Richard Virman said: "Angola is going to its worst outbreak in the last ten years, and the
The matches began at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not counting the drizzling morning rain, which quickly passed, it was an ideal day for rugby-7.
The favorites of the tournament from South Africa started with a correct note, when they won a beautiful victory with 26-00 over Zambia, which is on the fifth place.
Looking clearly worse in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defense, mastery of the ball and excellent teamwork, and it was evident that to beat this team was not easy.
Officials of the Amsterdam and Anne Frank Museums say the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health risk because there is a direct threat of its falling
His plan was to be cut on Tuesday, but the extraordinary court decision was kept.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were called "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100-250 meters (328-820 feet).
According to the infrared images of the night and day temperatures, it is probably caves.
Their surfaces are colder than the surrounding surface,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they are in line with what is deep in the ground," Glen Cushing, a planetary geologist with the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona, said.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in the booth and drops the pre-printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate chosen, in the envelope.
After the officials assure the identity of the voter, he shall drop the envelope in the voting box and sign in the voters register.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988, the ballot boxes shall be transparent so that voters and observers could be sure that at the beginning of the voting there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes added to them other than those of those persons who were allowed to participate in the voting and were counted properly.
Candidates can send their representatives to observe the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict supervision according to a special procedure.
The Eee PC range, previously presented in the world with an orientation on such factors as cost-effectiveness and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market of laptops will change radically after the awarding of the company ASUS with the Taiwanese Government's Honorary Award for stability in
The station describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted view!".
The show was broadcasted only on the website of an online radio TogiNet Radio dedicated to radio discussions.
At the end of 2015, TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The show was originally acted out by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, mass looting continued all night, because there were no police officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one of the observers as being submerged in anarchy, because groups of people ran through the streets and looted shops
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from south of lawlessness.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three nations rugby union on the Royal Bafokeng stadium in Rustenburg
The final score was a one point victory, 21 to 20, which ended the winning streak of All Blacks in 15 games.
Spingbox" has broken a five-match losing streak.
This match was the last for "All Blacks", already winning the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be held in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the next week, when Springboks will play with Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
USGS and its National Seismic Information Center have not received any urgent messages about damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-east of Dilloun and about 65 km (40 miles) south-east of
It has been confirmed that the H5N1 avian flu virus, fatal for humans, was found in a dead wild duck found in Monday near Leon in eastern France." #
France is the seventh country in the EU affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Cumbers sued God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
The skeptical William Jennings Bryan asserts that his lawsuit is "merely a frivolous" and "anyone can sue anyone.
The story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, tells the story of a painter who is "driven by love of drugs and Japan.
In the end, the actors smoke marijuana on stage, and the theatre encourages the audience to join in.
Former Speaker of the House of Representatives Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congressman Michael Bachman took fourth, fifth and sixth place respectively.
After the results were known, he praised Santorum, but he was very rude about Romney, who was the one who was broadcasting negative information against him.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today's party convention and determine whether or not he should continue his campaign, but later said he would continue his campaign and will participate in the primary elections in South Carolina on January 21.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
A fun-and-news website TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police stopping him, before he moved across the street and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic twice had to
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer, most likely, will not be charged with criminal liability.
In spite of the fact that in one day one could win only eight medals, several countries were not able to take the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Anna Joosten, who yesterday finished ninth in the women's standing slalom, and Finland with Kaisa Saarijarvi, who finished tenth in the same event.
The Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish eleventh in the men's super-G races in the standing class. Czech Ondrej Elinek came to the finish sixteenth in the men's standing super-G races
Arli Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in supergiant sitting position. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in supergiant standing position.
Poland's blind skier Mateus Kryzel and the leader of the team Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the giant slalom among men in sitting position.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010, are accused of spreading a disease that began nearby their military camp.
According to the complaint, the UN waste did not pass proper sanitation, resulting in bacteria entering the Artibonite river, one of the largest in Haiti.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy cited an independent study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti unintentionally brought disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, UN expert on the disease, said the outbreak was likely caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the Howard University Hospital in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of infection with Ebola virus have been reported.
The hospital was followed the infection control protocol, including separate care of the patient, to prevent possible infection of other patients.
Before "Simpsons" Simon worked on several series of several episodes.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "Funny Company" and "Tressie Ullman Show.
In 1989, with Brooks and Groening, he helped create "Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for that show.
While he left the show in 1993, he remained a producer and still received millions of dollars in salary each season.
The Xinhua news agency reported that the plane was stolen.
Later, it was reported that on the aircraft was received a threat of bomb explosion and it was re-routed back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In the early reports it is said that the plane returned to Afghanistan after it was refused an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air accidents are a common occurrence in Iran, where the aging air fleet is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new aircraft.
On the previous day, in the crash of a police helicopter three people were killed and three others were injured.
Last year in Iran, the worst in years air disaster occurred when a plane carrying 168 people to Armenia crashed, killing all on board.
In the same month another airplane crashed outside the runway in Meshkat and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
The rock band was touring in the US and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after the lead singer Steve Tyler got injured during a concert on August 5th.
Murray dropped the first set in the tie-break after both men were serving all of their serves in the set.
Del Potro had a break in the second set, but it also required a tie-break after the score was 6-6.
At the moment, Potro was given medical help for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The program began at 8:30 PM local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country sang bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanjee Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chaudhary. He was accompanied by singer Raju Khandelval.
Then Lakha Singh took over as the leader in singing bhajans.
The 108 chapati bhaag were served to the goddess of wealth, Mamta.
Lakkha Singh sang the bhajan with him. Singer Raju Khandala sang with him.
President Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new Nintendo Revolution game console at the Tokyo Game Show's main presentation on Thursday." #
In the controller, which looks like a television remote control, two sensors are located next to the television user, which uses them to calculate his position in three-dimensional space
By moving the device in the air players will be able to control actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Fernando Alonso in the result of damaged suspension, received during numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings," he said, referring to the transcript of the press conference.
I was completely sincere every time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after the launch, the cockpit camera showed how the fuel tank exploded with numerous pieces of insulation foam.
However, it is assumed that they did not cause any damage to the shuttle.
The head of the shuttle program at NASA, N. Wayne Hale Jr., said the foam broke off "after a period of time that causes our concern.
In five minutes before the start of the show the wind began to increase, in a minute later the wind speed reached 70 km/h... Then started to rain, such a strong and large, as if you are falling and needles, then from the sky fell a rain, people in panic screamed and collided with
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two disabled people in wheelchairs, people just jumped over them and pushed them," he said.
NHK also reported that Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in the prefecture of Niigata, continued operating in a standard manner.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. said there were no consequences of the earthquake and that the reactors No. 1 and No. 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped." #
According to reports, about 9400 homes in the region were without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas the railway traffic has been interrupted and the airport in the prefecture of Ishikawa is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the governor's office.
Three more bombs exploded near Government buildings in the course of two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals, died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and melamine
The researchers at the University of Utah reported that these two compounds form a reaction, forming crystals that can block the kidneys
In the observation, the researchers found crystals, which appear in the cat's urine when adding cianuric acid and morph
In the course of the comparison by infrared Fourier spectroscopy it was found that the crystal structure of these crystals corresponds to the
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but most of the goods from Central America were imported into this country without paying any
However, eighty percent of our products were subject to tax according to the tariffs in Central America.
It didn’t seem to me to be of any use; of course it wasn’t fair.
I tell men that you will be treated as you treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill banning the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence sold in the State of California with a sticker on which is written "18", and that sale of games to minors is punished with a fine of 1000 dollars for each violation.
Today, at about 9:30 a.m., the prosecutor general of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, Mr. Kier Starmer, made a statement about the initiation of criminal proceedings against both Hun and Price." #
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Minister Norman Lamb will replace him as a member of Parliament.
Huhn and Price must appear before the Magistrates' Court in Westminster on February 16.
Nicholas Alder, 25 years old, and Zacharie Caddeback, 21 years old, were killed. Caddeback was a driver.
Edgar Velilla received injuries to his right hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on his face.
The weapon of the Uki failed when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, his head has been reconstructed with titanium.
Schneider gave statements via video link from the US Air Force base in his homeland.
In addition to competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter took part in two individual competitions at the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in the first race which she did not reach the finish line. 36 of 116 participants had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the position of sitting with a combined time of 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Letsch and on 1:09,02 slower than the ninth-place
In the women's sitting group four skiers could not finish their races, and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom could not occupy places in the race.
Police in the state of Madhya Pradesh returned the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Assistant General Inspector D. K. Arya said: "We arrested five people who raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The accused have names like Baba Kandjar, Bhuta Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Vishnu Kandjar.
Chief of Police Chandra Shekhar Solanka said that the accused were presented before the judges with closed faces.
Although inside the building at the time of the impact of the car were three people, nobody was injured.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The road where the accident occurred temporarily closed, while the rescue services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
It was initially admitted to James Pegett's hospital in Great Yarmouth.
After that he was moved to the hospital Addenbrooke in Cambridge.
The Edinburgh Sheriff Court then indicted Adeke for the murder of her son.
She is in custody awaiting the prosecution of her case and the trial, but any evidence she may give may be distorted because of her popularity was widely used by the media
This is a common practice in other parts of the United Kingdom, but the Scottish justice system works differently, and courts found the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson from the University of Dundee notes that "journalists, it seems, are really walking on dangerous ground, publishing photographs and other data about suspects.
The Royal Prosecution Service, which is responsible for prosecuting criminals, said that no further comments would be made at least until the Court of Appeal sentences.
A document, according to a leak, will deal with the dispute over the borders that Palestine wants to establish on the basis of those that existed prior to the start of the Six-Day War of
Other topics touched upon, as reported, include the future state of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both peoples, and the issue of the Jordan Valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PNA is willing to maintain such presence for only five years.
Shooters who participated in the additional test on pest control were under close watch by rangers, because this test was under the supervision and evaluation of its effectiveness.
In the framework of the partnership of NPWS and the NSW Association of Sporting Shooters, volunteers were recruited for the NSW Association of Sporting Shooters' hunting programme.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Department of Conservation for Wildlife and National Parks, four shooters selected for the first shooting operation, were trained and briefed on safety.
Yesterday, Martyi appointed a new Interim Electoral Council (IES), consisting of nine members.
This is the fifth CEP Marchetti in four years.
Last month the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Election Council to resign as part of the package of measures for the country to move towards new elections.
The commission was a response to the mass protests against the state regime that began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the non-conduct of elections, some of which were due to be held in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPod devices, resulting in six fires and four people suffered minor burns.
METI said it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week, the Ministry of Economy, Labor and Industry announced that Apple informed him of 34 additional cases of overheating, which the company called "minor.
In response, the Ministry of Education said it was "very disappointing" to have to delay the report.
At 07:19 local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a major earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said there were no reports of damage caused by the storm.
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said that there were no signs of a tsunami.
Former Philippine police officer hijacked a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Several hostages were rescued, and at least six were declared dead at this time.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino photographers.
Later, the photographers took their place, because the old woman had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father's footsteps and began his career in medicine.
He received a medical degree and began working at the National Women’s Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When Liggens worked in the hospital, in his free time he began to investigate cases of premature births." #
His study showed that if you inject the hormone, it will increase the development of the lungs of the fetus during
As reported by Xinhua, on Wednesday the government investigators found two flight recorders or, in other words, 
Restaurateurs also paid tribute to the Moon.
Here's what Tommi Drimmer said: "Luna became the first Queen of Excitement. She was my first manager. Luna died in the night of two moons. It's such an unusual event as she herself.
Dustin "Got" Rannels said: "The moon was as crazy as I was... Possibly even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place.
Of the 1400 people surveyed in the run-up to the federal elections in 2010, the number of those who are against the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008.
The acting Prime Minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of respondents share this view and want Queen Elizabeth II to become the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29 percent of respondents believe that Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent think that it doesn't need this form of statehood.
Olympic gold medallist was supposed to participate in the 100 and 200m freestyle races and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He could not take the medications required to relieve pain, because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the Central Missouri University, 25th January opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that a few people confirmed this opening by using various hardware and software.
Maybe comets were the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that could form proteins and support life.
Scientists are hoping to understand how planets form, especially how Earth formed, because comets have collided with Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumono began his work as governor of the Crimea in the beginning of this year and signed the bill on the legalization of same-sex marriages in the past month.
He called these rumors "political chatter and nonsense.
It is expected that he will run for president in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States, will allow planes to fly on reduced routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, as well as reduce carbon
She uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground-based radars, which will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
There is no additional transport to Wembley, there will not be any stops on the ground, apart from that there are no parking and parking facilities.
The fears about the lack of transport led to the assumption that the Games might have to be held behind closed doors without spectators.
In the description of the study published in Thursday's Science, it is said that a new bird species has appeared on the ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
Experts from the University of Princeton in the USA and Uppsala University in Sweden reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's sparrow (Geospiza fortes) with the introduced conirostris sparrow (Geospiza conirostris), a new
Gold can be shaped into any shape." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and braided. It can be plated or twisted into rolls.
It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used to decorate hand-painted illustrations in books – the so-called "frontispiece" hand-painted illustration.
This is called pH of the chemical substance. You can make an indicator by using the juice of red cabbage.
Cabbage juice changes colour depending on the acidity or alkalinity of the chemical.
The pH-value of the substance is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H) in the substance.
Hydrogen ions are protons that have been separated from electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron).
Get a new mixture by mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and roll out this mixture into a ball." #
Water on your hands will enter into a reaction with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a kind of shell.
Almost in every house of the towns Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro was a toilet with a flush, connected to a
These substructures of the sewage systems were discovered in the houses of Minoan cities on the islands of Crete and Santo
The toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, the toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use satellite.
The satellite in space receives a call and almost instantly reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched into space by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the atmosphere of Earth in some way distorts our light and view." #
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, it is necessary to build a giant rocket with a height of more than 100 feet.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing it has done for us, is given us much more light and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, car and many other transport vehicles.
Under them are more cats of medium size, which eat small prey from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
Their secret of success is the niche concept, special work that each cat does, keeping it from competition with other cats.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called prides.
The pride usually consists of 1-3 males and 1-10 females.
The females usually live together in close kinship and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions herds behave very similar to packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a complete athlete, tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump over long distances and pull with five strong men.
The tiger belongs to the same genus (Panthera), as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger's roar is not like a full-throated roar of a lion, but more like the utterance of sentences from unintelligible words.
Ocelots love to eat small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will hunt monkeys, snakes, lizards, and birds. Almost all animals, on which the ocelot hunts, are much smaller than him.
The scientists believe that the otters follow the tracks of animals and find their prey by smell, tracking their movements by the sense of smell.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable move.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than they were previously in.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The original population has not changed - it still needs the same adaptations as it did before.
As time goes by, as the new population begins to adapt to the new environment, it will begin to look less and less like the rest of the population.
Over time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, i.e. the emergence of new species. The formation of species is an essential consequence and a very significant part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen, which the human breathes and absorb carbon dioxide, which the human exhales.
The plants feed from the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The mosasaurus was the most dangerous predator of his time, so he did not fear anybody but other mosasauruses.
His long fangs were full of more than 70 sharp teeth, and there was a further row on the tongue, so that those who met him were not saved.
We do not know for sure, but we do not rule out that his tongue was doubled. He ate large fish, other crustaceans, and he could have been a c
He also attacked everything that entered the water; even the giant dinosaur, such as tyrannosaur, could not compare with him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes served during banquets. For example, the boar, the peacock, the snails and such a rodent as the mole." #
There was another difference: while the poor people and women ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have joint feasts, during which they ate, lying on their backs.
The Roman diet could not include products that were imported from America or Asia into the following centuries.
In particular, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no Roman citizen had ever tasted beef.
Babylonians built each god a main temple, considered to be the dwelling place of the god.
People sacrificed to their gods, and priests tried to please the gods on ceremonies and festivals.
Each church had a open temple courtyard and a inner temple, which could be entered only by priests.
Often, as elements of the temple, were built special towers in the form of pyramids called "ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special place for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house did not have much importance.
Most of the Jewish family life was spent outdoors.
Women prepared in the courtyard; the shops were open shelves, which are facing the street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
There were no large forests in the land of Canaan, so the wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In Scandinavian sagas it is told that Eric the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder and, advancing further west, he opened Greenland and gave it its
But regardless of his discovery, in those days there already lived the Eskimos.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you watched the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you may think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence depicted a map of treasure.
However, that is not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, that is not a map of treasures.
The Declaration of Independence reads: "This Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4, 1776." It was written on the bottom of the document and upside down.
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document was folded for easier storage.
So it is quite likely that the recording was added simply as a note.
In the operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated, but the south of France was still not liberated.
He was under the control of the "Vichy" French. These French, who signed a peace treaty with the Germans in 1940, worked together with the invaders instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
Over the past two weeks, the Free French and the Americans liberated southern France and headed for Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the members of which are a relatively large group of people, living and working together, society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin word civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen", and civitas, meaning "city" or "city-state", and
Civilizational culture is the transmission of knowledge through several generations, the continual cultural presence and the transferable spread of culture.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any historical evidence, and so cannot be recognised as genuine civilizations.
In the War of Independence, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no powers to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial power, it relied on the powers of the states, who often refused to cooperate and not enforce its acts.
He also had no authority to annul the tax legislation and the rates of the states.
To amend the articles requires the unanimous approval of all States, but States have so disrespectfully treated the central government that their representatives seldom appeared.
The Italian national football team, alongside Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the FIFA World Cup.
The most popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, judo, cycling, surfing, auto racing "Formula-1".
Winter sports are most popular in northern regions. Residents of Italy from these regions take part in international competitions and Olympiads.
In Japan there are approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hokkaido), making Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its geographical location, Japan is often called an archipelago.
Taiwan takes its origins many years ago, in the 14th century, when European sailors passing by recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa, or
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their rice
In 1683, the Qin Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qin Empire.
In 1895, after the defeat in the Sino-Japanese War (1894-1895), the Chinese government signed the Treaty of Shimonoseki, ceding Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu is composed of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Room of Three Windows.
Most of the buildings on the edges of the complex were reconstructed to give tourists a more accurate idea of how they looked originally.
By 1976 restoration of 30% of Machu Picchu was completed. Restoration works continue and to this day.
For example, the most common format for static photos is 35 mm, and this was the dominant size of film on the day analog photography was in its heyday.
Today, it is still produced,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
35mm format is a bit confusing, it has width 36mm and height 24mm.
The aspect ratio of this format is divided into two parts, so that the ratio is small in whole numbers, so it is called 3:2.
Many popular formats (such as the APS family of formats) are close to these proportions.
A simple rule that is too often used and often mocked is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism while maintaining a certain degree of order in the image." #
It says that the best place to put the main object is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see the
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, becoming rich and powerful, was the object of intense scrutiny.
Christianity has united European countries despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her all-encompassing power touched every - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church's money exists for this purpose.
The center of the church's power was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led to the fact that many doubted whether this dogma was being observed." #
In a short time after the beginning of the war, Britain organized a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated the universally accepted international laws, laid down in several international agreements over the past two centuries.
Britain has set up minefields in international waters to prevent warships from entering whole sectors of the oceans, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because of the cautious reaction to this tactic, Germany expected such a reaction on its unhindered submarine operations.
In the majority of the citizens and nations in the 1920s, there were such feelings as pacifism and isolation.
By learning the horrors and atrocities of the First World War, the state wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted the offer to work in the company Edison in the city of New York.
He came to America with four dollars in his pocket, with a book of poetry and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison." #
In ancient China used a unique way of denoting periods of time; each stage of China or each family in power was a special dynasty.
In addition, between dynasties there was division and instability. The most famous period of Three Kingdoms was 60 years during the Han and Qin dynasties.
During this period, there were fierce battles between many noble people, fighting for the throne.
The period of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in the great palace in Xi'an.
There are many such social and political effects as the use of metric system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, not to a
Also after the Revolution, opportunities for work opened up to all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because the ranks were based on qualities, not on the origin.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that were not related to the worldly life. He often visited the cave known as "Hira" on Mount "Nur" (light) for
And the cave which has been conserved to our days, very vividly gives us an idea of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on the top of the mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to discover even to those who know of its existence. In the cave man is isolated from the world.
There is nothing but pure and beautiful sky above your head and a multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that is still standing today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of the many great pyramidal structures built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, or the Valley of the Kings, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (including the Great Pyramid of Giza), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
Great Pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Haps, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of his wives and relatives.
The movement of the screwhead up looks like V, and the movement of the screwhead down looks like a square without a bottom.
Up" means you need to start with the tip of your finger and pull the bow back, and "down" means you need to start with where your finger is holding the bow and pull it back.
The junction movement up usually produces a softer sound, while the junction movement down produces a stronger and more forceful sound.
You can draw your own strokes, but remember that the strokes are printed musically, and they usually should be followed.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowd of women from the market forced the return of the King of France Louis XVI, Queen Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd forced the King and Queen wide open the windows.
At some point one of the participants of this mob waved his hand to salute the guard killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified queen.
Military expenditures of the American imperialism on the conquest of the Philippines paid themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and interest on the bonds, transferred by the government of the Philippines through banks in Wall
Of course, the superprofits, brought about by the long-term use of the Filipinos, constituted the main income of the American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, one must understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The period in which these events took place is called the High Middle Ages, a period of European history that covers the period from 1000 to 1300 years (1000 to 1300 years).
The High Middle Ages replaced the earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism is a term that covers a wide range of practical ideas, from technological progress or technological imperative to a strict point of view that fates of people are driven by the fundamental logic, associated with laws of science and their
A large number of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own
For example, you could say that the automobile is the essential cause of the development of roads.
But the national road network is economically unfeasible only for a small number of cars, so new methods of production are developed to reduce the cost of ownership.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received on the road.
Romanticism was a lot influenced by cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of romanticism, geography formed people, and with time, there were associated with them customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of this society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris is the capital of fashion in the modern world, so Constantinople was the capital of fashion in the medieval Europe.
The fame of him as a center of luxury spread about 400 BC and continued until about 1100 AD.
His status was lowered in the 12th century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than the goods offered on the Byzantine markets.
At this point and the transfer of the title of the Capital of Fashion from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between the X–XI centuries and the XIV century.
At first, clothing was under the strong influence of Byzantine culture in the east.
But because of slow channels of communication, Western styles may lag behind by 25-30 years.
Own styles began to develop in Western Europe towards the end of the Middle Ages. One of the biggest achievements of that time was the use of buttons for fastening clothing.
Natural agriculture is agriculture that provides enough food for the farmer and his/her family.
Organic farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of the plants that grow in the given ecosystem, together with the use of rotational farming and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, many farmers were engaged in agriculture for the purpose of sustenance, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite like-minded people who feel marginalized by society and allow them to define for themselves who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or gender, from which it consists.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Among the subcultures, often claiming their belonging through a symbolic and distinctive use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most widely used methods of illustrating the importance of socialisation is to illustrate several unfortunate cases when children were not able to contact with adults during their adulthood.
Such children are called "wild" or "wild". Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such refusal of their child was due to the rejection of parents of his serious
Children living on the streets, possibly have experienced severe forms of violence or trauma before escaping or being abandoned.
Others, as is claimed, were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild on their own.
Special Benefits: If he has been raised by animals instead of people, an untamable child displays the same physical traits (within physical limits) as the specific animal he grew up with – for example, his fear or indifferen
As the learning based on projects should be more simple and interesting, the spooning technology is ahead of many.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be either virtual or real. In other words, your teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolding, helping in learning, is embedded in the software and designed to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, which may be too difficult for the learner to do alone.
Children are handed over to foster care for a variety of reasons: from being abandoned to being abused and even extorted." #
children should not grow up in a situation where there is no upbringing, care and education, but grow.
We believe that the foster care system is safe for children.
Our system of care should provide safe housing, loving parents, stable education and reliable health care.
Patronage education should ensure all the needs that were lacking in the house, where they were previously taken.
Internet combines elements of both mass and interpersonal communications.
Distinctive features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
Thus, it has been suggested that "education" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al
Personal involvement and long-term contacts" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites." #
Video recordings" led to important discoveries in the field of microexpressions – movements of the face for several milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to determine whether a person lies, by correctly interpreting his microexpressions.
In the article "Speech of the President" Oliver Sacks described how people who are unable to understand speech, but can correctly evaluate the sincerity of the speaker.
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, such as domestic dogs.
Studies that were conducted in the 20th century showed that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
A mutation introduces a new genetic variant, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variants.
Segregation and recombination with every generation re-shuffle the variations between two pools.
In the savanna, the primates with such a digestive system as that of man, are unable to meet their nutritional needs by using the available plant resources.
In addition, failure to do this will lead to such serious consequences as slow growth, malnutrition and, in the end, death.
The most accessible vegetable resources would be proteins, found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as we, if not prepared.
In contrast, animal-derived food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easily digestible, but also is a rich source of proteins containing all the essential amino acids
Taking all this into account, it is not surprising that our ancestors decided the “protein problem” in the same way that the chimpanzees in the savanna still do today.
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional awakening during the normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short time (10–60 minutes).
This can be easily done with a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and yet not completely wake you up.
If you find out that you are resetting your alarm clock in sleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, which will make you get up to turn it off." #
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (in particular, water or tea known as a diuretic), which forces the person to urinate.
The quantity of inner peace of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the presence of life force in you. Everyone has the potential to attain absolute peace and a deep sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can reach enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it was enriched by the Mahayana path of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-consuming love.
Kundalini energy (the energy of enlightenment) in Kundalini Yoga is awakened through postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of Gods. By visualizing various gods, cleanse the energy channels, open chakras and achieve enlightenment of consciousness.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, disagreements regarding the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
In two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and the Cold War began.
She had to last for 40 years. In it she fought with real weapons, using indirect armies, on the battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places in the world.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defense had already been breached, and the only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of the eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga peace agreement, the Soviet-Polish pact of non-aggression, and other international agreement
The use of ships for transporting goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and goods through oceans.
The traditional work of sailors is to ensure the ability of the country to move its people and goods, and simultaneously prevent the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most interesting recent examples of this was the company in the North Atlantic during World War II. Americans tried to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German Navy, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition failed, Germany, I think, could have won Britain as well as other European countries.
Early domestication of cattle, it is believed, occurred in the Zagros Mountains about 10,000 years ago.
Ancient cultures and tribes left them to themselves so that they had milk, wool, meat and skin.
The domestic cows, as a rule, were kept in herds, which wandered over hills or other pastures, where often the herdsmen were children or adolescents, which is similar to the more common activity of the herdsman. These methods of grazing are still used.
Roads for carriages were constructed in England in the 16th century.
While the wagon roads were merely laid parallel to planks of wood, they gave horses the opportunity to transport larger loads and at a faster rate than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Slabs were first used to hold rails in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks were more effective when laid with iron on top.
It became a common practice, but iron was causing greater wear on wooden wheels on the wagons.
In the course of time wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767 the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transport was walking, people began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means straight man).
For their ancestors, australopithecines, walking upright was not so natural.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can start living, more caring about the environment. We can be members of the environmental movement and even can be activists to help at least a little bit ease the suffering of the future
In general, it looks like a temporary solution. If we need not just a temporary solution, then we need to find the root of the problem and eliminate it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the impact of scientific and technological progress of humanity, and because of overpopulation and extravagant lifestyle of people, problems have
After the Congress of 4 July, the manuscript draft signed by the chairman of Congress John Hancock and secretary Charles Thompson was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap for several quarters
In one night, 150 – 200 copies of the "Dunlop leaflets" were made known as "Dunlop leaflets.
The first reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the Independence Hall on July 8th.
July 6 one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. A copy arrived in London on 10 August.
25 of Danley's leaflets are known to be the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Today, many paleontologists believe that one of the groups of dinosaurs survived and lived to this day. We call them birds.
Often they are not considered dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there is still much to be said about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and clawed feet, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers, which are used today, are based on information that is encoded in binary.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is, 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" — or "bits", if using computer jargon.
It can be difficult to identify a acute oral poisoning right away. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best indicator of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medication or toxic household chemical.
Read the label, where are given special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to refer to a group of insects.
This concept comes from the famous bedbugs - insects that have been well adapted to parasitism on man.
And predators, and bed bugs are egg-laying species, adapted to life in the nest or home of their host.
According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS) have been
Multiple sclerosis is a disease affecting the central nervous system, which consists of the brain, spinal cord and the optic nerve.
Studies have shown that women are twice as likely to suffer from MS as men.
A couple may decide that raising a child does not meet their interests or the interests of their child.
These couples can choose to create a plan for adoption for their child.
When adoption or adoption is made, biological parents refuse to their parental rights in order to allow another couple to take the child.
The main purpose of science is to find out how the world works, by applying the scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
But he is not the only one. Scientific researches also operate on experimentation (experiment is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and observing.
Naturalist and philosophers concentrated their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, Aristotle's views were adopted.
As knowledge of Greek language deteriorated, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are largely dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not simply a response to external periodic stimuli, have been recorded by most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even without external stimuli.
Hersch and Chase were one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase implanted their DNA into the bacteria with the help of phages, which are viruses.
They performed two experiments, labelling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactive iron protein of the phage.
Mutations can cause a great variety of results, depending on the species of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germline can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who love to travel to the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the list of activities on the site - hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example would be visiting, photographing and studying Orang Utan in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to their place of work, and by their side pass those whose place of work is located in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement each in some way is connected with the transport system based on personal cars and supports it.
At the present time, science indicates that the enormous fossil fuel economy has had an impact on one of the stable states of the biosphere that has supported evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
In developed countries, you rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges.
Why do so many complaints about transport systems? Why do they break down every day? Is it because the transport engineers are incompetent? Or there are more fundamental reasons?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out in the framework of the study of traffic flows.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study the traffic intensity because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver with absolute certainty.
Fortunately, the behavior of drivers is often quite systematic; thus, the flows of traffic generally have some systematicity and can be approximated mathematically.
To better understand the traffic flow, the relationships between the three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, design and operation of railway objects.
The insects were the first animals to rise in the air. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
A majority of insects have the ability to fold their wings along the body, which gives them an advantage.
This provides them with more hiding places, of which they can hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
A Greek named Aristarchus said that the solar system revolves around the sun.
Many believed that he was right, but many still believed that the Solar System revolved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars).
It seems sensible to us... because we don’t feel that the Earth is moving, do you?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first largest river on Earth. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, its width sometimes exceeding six miles.
20 percent of the water that flows from rivers of our planet to the oceans flows from the Amazon.
The Amazon River has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It flows into thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids of stones lasted until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids of Giza has never been surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians were amazed by monuments created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of Vatican City is around 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the smallest population country.
The Vatican uses Italian in legislation and official communications.
Italian is also the everyday language of most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All Roman Catholics are citizens of the Vatican.
People from ancient times were aware of the main chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easily extracted with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that all things are composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air, and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, though he also supposed that they pass into a new state, so that we see.
Smelts are mixtures of two or more metals. Remember that in the periodic table there are many elements.
So-called metals such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also such metals as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of such nonmetallic elements as carbon.
Everything in the Universe consists of matter. All matter consists of tiny particles, called atoms.
Then again, the atoms are so incredibly small, that trillions of them can fit into the end of this sentence.
So the pencil became a good friend for many people when it was introduced.
Grief, that when new ways of writing, pencil lost its former status and it became less used.
Now people write messages on screens, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
It is only a guess what will happen to the keyboard, with the appearance of more new technologies.
Atomic bombs work on the principle that for the number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary to
Approximately as you would carry a heavy wagon up a hill. Then the second splitting of the nucleus releases some of
Some atoms have an unstable nucleus, which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence." #
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents.
She’s thinner under the moon sea and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side there may be more moon seas, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to rise
Content theories focus on the search for what makes people act or might interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate within the process of maturation.
These theories look at what makes people want to do what they do, and what their environment forces them to do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories of content are the "Pyramid of Needs" and the "Two-Factor Theory of Motivation" by Gerzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can occur when managers begin to lead people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is trying to remain "his/her guy" (or girl).
Those managers are difficult to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate the results of work, distribute responsibilities and to punish employees.
On the other end of the spectrum, the person becomes an unrecognizable individual, who feels that he must change everything that the team did, and take it for himself.
In the end, the manager is responsible for the success or failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to conflicts between leaders and other members of the team.
Virtual teams follow the same standards of skill as normal teams, but there are small differences.
Virtual members of the team often perform the role of a point of contact for their physical group.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional teams, because their teams can meet at different time zones, which is not always understandable by local management.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also unique component of the virtual team.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Why organizations should go through the laborious process of creating self-learning organization? One of the objectives of using self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used across all functional units of the organization, creativity and inventiveness can be manifested.
In the end, a united effort of the organization to overcome the obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that will be in the interests of the customer.
Before an organization can become an innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge exchange and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used to help organizations achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The data of neurobiology provide physical evidence for the theoretical approach to the study of consciousness. Thus, the area of research is narrowed, and it becomes much more precise." #
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It’s long been known that various types of injuries, trauma, malformations and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
The emergence of new technologies allows us to see and explore unseen structures and processes in the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for the creation of imitational models, helping to understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although AI is firmly associated with science fiction, it forms a very important direction in computer science, which studies the behavior and learning of machines and "instilling" them intelligence." #
AI research includes the creation of machines for automating tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
Some examples of these would be:
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
At present, the AI system is often used in the fields of economy, medicine, engineering and military, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
School excursions are very important for any class. Teachers often want to take their students there, where buses cannot go.
Technology offers a solution through virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Sharing the tour online is also a great way to refresh your memory of the tour and to share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennett High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of the state, and every year that site is updated, but old versions are still available — they serve as a memento
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this usually changes because of the presence of an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the author of the blog begins to strive to improve his letter in order to avoid criticism.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Bloggership is an instrument, stimulating cooperation, and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
Use of blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other works, as well as to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002).
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a large number of art galleries and museums, opening up the past and present of Canada.
On the south is the Niagara Falls, while the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and surrounding areas.
All of this and much more makes Ontario Canada something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something something
The larger areas further north are sparsely settled, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the population: in the States there are more black Americans than citizens in Canada.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean, on the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other countries and is a unique continent in that respect.
Almost all the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and known as luxurious beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it has been established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 14th century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India
Northern region is limited by Sahel, and in the south and west - Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists are advised to state that they are married, regardless of their present marital status.
Also useful to wear ring (not too expensive on appearance).
Women should realize that cultural differences may make them feel harassed, women are often pursued, grabbed by the hand and so on.
Stand up for your rights and don't be afraid to stand your ground (this is not acceptable regardless of cultural differences).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by fishermen-Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroeans as a strategic port,
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the Castle of Kazan-Branka, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The Sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and Spanish traders who founded here trading bases, called it Casablanca.
Casablanca - one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
There are many places around the old medina where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather goods, hookahs and a whole range of trinkets, but all this
GOMA - a tourist city in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was destroyed by a volcanic eruption that buried under its streets, especially the central part of the city.
Goma is a relatively safe place, but it is best to check the information on any travel outside Goma to understand the situation in the province of North Kivu.
This city is also the starting point for climbing the volcano Niragongo, as well as you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at the most affordable price in Africa.
You can go on a go-go (motor taxi) ride. The normal (local) price is 500 congolese francs for a short ride.
Timor-Leste" became a metaphor for an exotic far land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990, it was added to the World Heritage List, threatened by sand dunes.
One of the most important stops during the filming of the PBS program "African Wonders" was made here.
This city is very different from other cities in that it is predominantly Arab culture." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
The Kruger National Park is located in the northeastern part of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its southern
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, there is a daily fee for its protection and visit.
Also, it may be advantageous to buy a Wild Card, which allows you to visit national parks of South Africa" # # # # # # # # #
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honour of Hong Kong Island,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
The line of buildings that form the horizon of Hong Kong are compared to a shimmering column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, it is necessary to leave the island and go to the coast of the Yuan Long Peninsula, which is
The most developed urban areas of the island Hong Kong are concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the northern coast.
This place was taken by British colonists, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past of the territory, then this is the right place to start.
Sundaran is the largest mangrove forest belt extending from the coast to 80 km (50 miles) into the interior of the continent in Bangladesh and India.
Sundaram National Park was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The forest within the Indian territory is called the Sundaram National Park.
These forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sudanban occupies an area of 3850 square km, of which about 30% is covered by water or bogs.
Sundaran is a wildlife reserve and, according to estimates, there are currently 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer in the park.
Buses leave the inter-district bus station (on the river) all day long, although most, especially those heading east and to Jakar/Bumtang, leave at 06:30 or 07
Because inter-district buses are often overcrowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Coaster are small Japanese buses, comfortable and reliable.
Bus is a quick and convenient way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 Ngultrums) and Punokha (200 Ngultrums).
The Oyapock Bridge is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyap
The two towers reach 83 meters in height, and the bridge itself is 378 meters long and has two lanes of traffic with a width of 3.5 meters.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they were semi-nomadic hunters who also practice
The region was home to different groups of local people, for example the Guaycura and Paguaya, they survived by hunting, collecting and fishing.
In the sixteenth century Paraguay, which until then was called "a vast province of the East India Company", was formed by the clash of Spanish conquistadors with native
The Spanish began a period of colonization which lasted for three centuries.
From its founding in 1537, Paraguay has largely succeeded in preserving its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams and the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on polo fields in Las Canitas.
Less-large tournaments and matches can also be seen in other seasons.
To find out news about polo matches and where to buy tickets for them, visit the website of the Argentine Polo Association.
Official currency - Falkland Islands Pound (FKP)
Money can be exchanged in one of the islands' only banks, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
In general, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, they will also often accept credit cards and US dollars.
On remote islands, credit cards may not be accepted, though British and American currency may be accepted; be sure to clarify with the owners of which payment method is acceptable.
The Falkland Islands currency is almost impossible to exchange outside of the islands, so exchange your money before you leave the islands.
Because Montevideo is south of the equator, there is summer in the northern hemisphere when winter is in the southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In summer months, the air temperature above +30 ° C is a normal occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely drop below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of a colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There is no "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are accustomed to seeing people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals!
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - buffalo, deer, elk, and almost all large animals can attack.
Each year dozens of visitors get injured because they don't respect their personal space. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or wearing with you smelly food, and maintain cleanliness in the camp.
Apia – the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 inhabitants.
Apia was founded in the 1850s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The harbour was the site of a bitterly-remembered naval confrontation in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the United States
All ships sank, except one British cruiser. More than 200 American and German sailors perished.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, peaceful assembly in the city led to the murder of the supreme leader Tupua Tam
There are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three areas
The North Shore beaches are situated in the area of North-Harbor (in the vicinity of North-Harbor) and extend from
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded by such trees as the reed.
In the central area of O'Connell, where the bay of Wight is home to the prestigious residential suburbs of Mill Bay and St. Heliers, are the
This is sometimes crowded with people family beaches with a good choice of shops located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are plenty of French wines that you can drink, but New Zealand and Australian wines can be better transported.
Local tap water is completely safe to drink, but if you still worry, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
Australians don’t understand the idea of "flat white". "Little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream (
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a superior quality.
On the reef, there is a lot of travel, and injuries caused by any of these causes on the reef are rare.
Although follow the recommendations of the government, obey all signs and pay attention to warnings about safety.
Cubomeza is found near the beaches and river mouths to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be found outside this period
Sharks are real, but rarely attack people. Most sharks fear people and flee.
These crocodiles do not live in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booking allows the traveler to not worry about where to stay upon arrival in the destination.
Tour operators often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book through a travel agent and other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites.
Travel agents usually sell packages which include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport or even combination packages, which include flights and accommodation in a hotel.
They may also keep a reservation if you require time to think about the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, visas)." #
Any changes or inquiries should first be sent to the travel agency, and not directly to the hotel.
Some music festivals have a large proportion of participants sleeping on the festival grounds, and many of them consider this an essential part of the festival.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive in advance to find a campsite near the music.
Don’t forget: even if the main stages are already over, there may be areas where music will continue to play until late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with young children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, you should know about the location of the cabin, because the passage through the ice leads to quite a disturbing noise, which can disturb the most sensitive people
Cruises in Saint-Petersburg include guided walks of the city. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
In most cases, casinos try to make sure that customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. There are no clocks and windows outside, and it can be difficult to find
They usually offer a special menu, drinks and entertainment to keep guests in a good mood and not leave the establishment.
Free alcohol is offered in some establishments. However, drunkenness makes you lose your head, and all good poker players know how important it is to stay sober
Everyone who plans to travel in high-latitude or mountain passes should take into account the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On the icy and snowy road friction is low, and you can't drive as well as on the normal asphalt.
In the winter, enough snow to make it difficult to get stuck, can fall in a relatively short period of time.
The visibility may also be limited due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, the weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and the traffic continues year round almost without breaks.
Safari — it is probably the biggest lure for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term "safari" in everyday use means a land trip with the purpose of seeing the amazing wild nature of Africa, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach cars, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lions, cheetahs and leopards sometimes are cautious, and you will look at them better through a binocular.
Walking safari (also called "tree climbing", "hiking-safari" or "walking tour") consists of a walk of several hours to several days.
Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only city in Asia twice hosting summer Olympic Games. The first time they were held here in 1964.
If you have booked your flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced to be moved, you may find yourself in a difficult situation.
Order cancellations may vary, but at the end of March most of the rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were planned.
Expected that most tickets for events will cost from 2,500 to 15,000 yen, with a standard ticket price of about 7,000 yen.
Dry cleaning helps clothes dry. Many hotels provide a iron and ironing board for hire, even if they are not available in the room.
If you don't have a iron or you are not fond of wearing clean socks, you can try a hairdryer if it is available.
Do not subject the fabric to too high temperature (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different methods of cleaning water, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places, it is enough to boil water for a few minutes, in others, it will take some time.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you have doubts, you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a reputable company.
Travelers can come face-to-face with pest animals, which they have never seen in their native habitats.
Predators can ruin food, cause irritation or, worse, cause allergic reactions, release toxins or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which can cause damage or death to a human, are usually not considered pests.
Duty-free shopping" is a way to buy goods without taxes and duties.
Travellers heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a significant amount, especially on such items as alcohol and tobacco.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, dark and forested areas.
If you are not used to riding on country roads, be on your guard: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits are significantly lower than the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 miles / h (56-64 km / h) - and strict compliance with them is even more important than
However, as you might have guessed, mobile telephone communication here is much better than on many other sections of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, Wyoming.
German bakery cakes are quite good. In Bavaria they are very abundant and diverse and look like cakes from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cakes are widespread, cakes with apples are all year round, and cherries and plums appear in the summer.
In German cakes often use almonds, hazelnuts and other tree nuts. Popular cakes often go well with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling sweet biscuits, try what is called "olad" or "bunch" with filling.
Curry is a dish based on herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "moist".
In the interior regions of Pakistan and Northern India, in curry, yogurt is used. In South India and in some regions of the coastal subcontinent, coconut milk is
Indonesian cuisine, having 17,500 islands to choose from, is a general term applied to a vast variety of regional cuisines that are found across the country.
But without further clarification this term is usually understood to refer to food originating from central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, widely spread on the archipelago, includes a variety of simple seasoned dishes. The most preference is given to such flavorings as peanuts, chili, sugar (especially yavanese coconut sugar) and various aromatic
The stirrups are the legs of the rider, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide better traction, but there are safety concerns because there is a possibility of a foot getting stuck.
If a horse throws the rider, but his boot is caught in the stirrup, a running horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take certain precautions.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, separate saddles, especially English, are equipped with pre-heater rings, which prevent the leather saddle from falling off, if the rider pulls back the saddle when the horse is falling.
The Cochabamba Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
On top, you can enjoy the most beautiful mountain views.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Alpine skiing is the main tourist destination for many ski lovers (they are sometimes called "skiing leisure"). They plan their holiday around the skiing in a certain place.
The idea of skiing is very old: rock paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC!
Skiing as a sport originated at least to the 16th century, and in 1861, the Norwegians opened the first recreational ski club in Australia.
Skiing, trekking, hiking,
This is related, but usually does not include walking up the peak and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
With good conditions you can overcome several larger distances than walking, but such speed on skis you can develop only in rare cases when you do not have a heavy pack and there is a ski trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but on it there are many independent states. In normal circumstances, traveling through many countries would mean the need to apply for a visa and multiple passport controls.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Being in this zone, you usually can cross the border, without going through the checkpoints again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries of the Schengen Agreement separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as an antique.
У этого понятия имеются географические разновидности, в которых возрастная граница в таких местах, как Северная Америка, может быть меньше, чем в Европе.
Artisanal goods can be defined as antiques, despite the fact that they are younger than similar mass-produced goods.
Sheep farming is an important source of livelihood for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this custom is traditional, not all the Sami people engaged in mass rearing of reindeer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using reindeer mainly as draught animals.
Many Samis are engaged in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region Lapland.
The word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country is identified as being at risk of terrorism, then your travel insurance may not cover you during your trip or your trip cancellation insurance may not be valid.
Maybe you should also consult with other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are directed to their own citizens.
Here is an example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East can encounter situations that are not encountered by Europeans or Arabs.
In the reports, only briefly described the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed are often superficial, vague and oversimplified compared to the widespread availability of more detailed information.
Unfavourable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous phenomenon of the weather, capable of causing any damage, to cause serious social upheavals or to lead
Unfavorable weather conditions are everywhere around the world, and they are of different types, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rains and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather conditions, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and
To regional and seasonal dangerous weather phenomena are snow storms, blizzards, ice and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly advised to take into account any risks associated with the harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
All those planning to visit a country which can be considered as a war zone, must undergo professional training.
Searching the Internet for the phrase "course on the security in hostile environment", it may lead to the address of the local company.
The course typically covers more in-depth topics, more often with hands-on practice.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines, which tell about survival in the wild, are often found, but there are not many publications about combat zones.
People planning to undergo gender reassignment surgery abroad should make sure they have valid travel documents to return home.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated with regard to the desired name and sex, varies from place to place.
The readiness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under these documents is so very different.
The checks at the checkpoints also became much more rigorous after September 11, 2001.
Transgenders who are preparing for surgery should not expect to be scanned, and their private lives and dignity should not be affected.
A breakwater flow – flow created by waves that crash against the shore, or sometimes against a reef or something like that.
The reverse flow is concentrated in a few deeper areas where rapid flow can form, going deep, due to the similar underwater topology.
Most deaths occur as a result of exhaustion attempting to return to the current against which it is impossible to swim.
As soon as you leave the current, swimming back will not be harder than usual.
Try to go there where you will not be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may be better off waiting for rescue.
The shock of returning to your home country is earlier than the cultural shock (this is a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and is more difficult.
Travelers who are easily adapted to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you come back home after living abroad, you've adapted to a new culture and lost some of your own culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, were kind to you, knowing that travelers need to adapt in a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding is necessary to travelers, who have returned home.
Sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show begins.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Sphinx acts as a background and narrator of a long story.
The stages are shown on the pyramids, and different pyramids are illuminated.
On the open in 1819 South Shetland Islands are several countries. On these islands there are more bases and in 2020, sixteen were active.
The archipelago is situated in 120 kilometers from the peninsula. The largest island bears the name of King George with the settlement of Villa-las-Esperillas." #
Others include the island Livingston and Deepsea, where the active up to the present volcanic caldera is a spectacular natural harbor.
The land of Eluthera is the region south of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain range of Eluthera, divided by the icefield of Minnesota into two
North of the ridge, that is on the ridge Sentinel, there are the highest mountains of Antarctica - massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892 m
In the remote areas outside the coverage area of mobile phones, satellite phones can be your only option.
As a satellite phone is not a replacement for a mobile phone, you need to be in the direct line of sight with the satellite to call.
The service is often used in the shipping industry, including fast and cruise ships, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communication.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The option becoming more popular for those who plan to take an academic year, is to travel and study.
It is especially popular among high school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting their education at risk.
In many cases, it may be possible to enroll in a course abroad during your vacation at the university.
In general, to get into these educational programmes, you will have to pay a fee.
Finland is a good place for boat tourism. In "land of a thousand lakes" there are also thousands of islands in lakes and in archipelagoes." #
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can quite easily get by without a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks leave a completely different impression.
Boating is a national form of leisure in Finland. In particular, one boat for seven or eight people.
A similar situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is from one to forty).
Most Baltic cruises include a prolonged stay in St. Petersburg.
That means you can spend a few full days in this historical city, and sleep on the ship.
If you go to the beach only as an excursion on a boat, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
A flight on a plane can be frightening for a person of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: it is no different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are a part of the lives of many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from uncertainty or inability to control the process.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Some routes have their own aircraft for larger companies, but for other routes and smaller companies with this problem.
If they sent anything as an air cargo, then loading and clearance could take several days on some routes.
The only way to get it sorted out is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's rules do not allow sending baggage without a passenger, so you need to be involved.
The most obvious way to fly in the first or business class - is to pay for this privilege (or better - to force your company to pay for you).
But this is not cheap at all - in rough approximation you will pay four times more for business class and eleven times more for first class!
Almost never worth even looking for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know very well that there is a certain main group of passengers who are ready to pay a large sum for the privilege of quickly and comfortably get somewhere, so they and charge a
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed Transdniestria in the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by
While the failure of political negotiations, economic links between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
The main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is Turkey's third largest city with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul and a good transport hub.
In ancient times the city of Smyrna was a modern, developed and lively trading centre, situated along the vast bay and surrounded by the mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass facades of modern shopping centers, interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, the old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than a traditional Turkish one.
From the village Haldorsvik you can see the island of Esturai, which also has an unusual octagonal church.
On some graves there are interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It's worth spending half an hour to explore the unusual village.
Compared to the north, there is a romantic and charming town called Sintra, which was praised by Lord Byron and became famous all over the world.
Bus Scotturb No 403 runs regular services to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
North of visit also the great Church of the Virgin of Fatima (the cemetery) - a place of world famous manifestations of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you, in essence, are on a place of brother's tomb, and a place that is unparalleled in its importance to a large percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
There are still many men and women who have lived here, but there are more people who have died here or worked here until death, whether it was Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all respect, seriousness and dignity, which it deserves.
Do not deface this place by defacing or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most signs are only written in Catalan, because it is the official language of the law.
In addition, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The usual announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced automatically on a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be arrogant, rude and self-centered.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish right away, if you show a little politeness.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is very densely forested, mainly with oaks, beech and pine trees, and is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
thanks to the diversity of microclimates, different soils and elevation changes in it, it is home to a very diverse vegetation community.
The area is rich in many different species of animals and birds.
Here you can meet rare species of fauna, for example, European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
Women should not be wearing pants to visit monasteries.
In most monasteries women are given the habit if they come unprepared, but if you bring your own, especially brightly colored, monk or nun will smile at you.
In addition, men should wear trousers that cover the knees.
They can be taken at the entrance, however this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size for all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as those of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with widespread use of olive oil." #
The most popular dish for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, which means you, always write with capital letters even in the middle of the sentence.
It is important to distinguish between verbs and adjectives." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
It is also likely to simplify reading, while writing is slightly complicated by the fact that it is necessary to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
Pronunciation in Italian is relatively simple, since most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
You should be especially careful with letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
In Persian, the grammar is relatively easy and mostly regular.
That is why reading this Persian grammar book will help you learn a lot of new and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you are proficient in the Romance group, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and that it can be learned separately.
Ancient observatories, in general, are considered to be outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution in the period of their flowering was not such a problem as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to reach than those built in the past.
The majority of modern research telescopes are enormous structures in remote locations with favorable atmosphere conditions.
Hanami" is a Japanese tradition of admiring sakura. It was introduced in Japan in the VIII century.
This idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan the first celebrations of cherry blossoms were held only for the imperial court and other members of the aristocracy.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't fall for the temptation to take just one.
If you visit an officially organized garden, you will be asked to pay a "standard" fee, which will lead to your expulsion without any conversation.
Singapore is a very safe place, where it is easy to orient yourself, and almost everything can be bought after arrival.
But, being in the "deep tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to cope with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely)." #
There are several buses heading north to Hebron - the legendary place of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob's burial, as well as their wives.
Make sure that the bus you’re going to take is going to Hebron, not just a nearby Jewish settlement, Kiryat Arba.
Internal waterways may prove to be a good theme for any celebration.
For example, a visit to the castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise along the Danube, or a boat trip along the canal
They also define routes for popular trekking and bicycle routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition to spend Easter night, not sleeping, in some open place, to see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it may well be an ancient spring ritual and fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold a Paschal service on the evening of the Paschal weekend, with the congregation usually beginning at midnight celebrating the Resurrection of Christ.
All animals that arrived here originally swam, flew or were blown here by the current.
Due to the large distance from the continent, the mammals could not get to the place, which makes the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galapago
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been imported, including cattle, horses, cows, rats,
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic during the winter, you will learn that it is nighttime when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese work culture is hierarchical and formal than what Westerners are used to.
Coats are standard business attire, while colleagues address one another by their first names or by their titles." #
Very important is the harmony at the workplace, and the results of group work are valued above individual achievements
Often employees must get permission of the head before taking any decisions and must obey the orders of the head.
