Now we have four-month-old mice, who have no diabetes," he added.
According to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, Professor of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and the Chairman of the Clinical and Scientific Department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, research is still in its early stages.
As some other experts, he doubts that diabetes is cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already developed.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature, during a radio program on Sveriges Radio, announced that the committee had stopped trying to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016.
Danius said: "At present we do nothing. I called and sent emails to his closest employee and received very friendly answers. At this point, of course, that is enough.
The founder of Ring, Jamie Sinofsky, noted that this company began with the fact that he did not hear the doorbell in his garage.
He said he created a doorbell that works with WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance on the show "Shark Tank" in 2013, where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017, Siminoff appeared on the retail channel QVC.
Ring has also settled the legal dispute with its competitors, security firm ADT Corporation.
While there was an experimental vaccine that reduced mortality from Ebola virus, there is no vaccine yet that has shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but official studies showed that it has less benefit in preventing death than previously expected.
The PALM study was used as a control, that is, the researchers used it as a base and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the United States Olympic Committee and agrees with the absolute necessity of creating a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of USOC that the interests of our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more appropriately, is to reform within our organization, rather than cancellation of its certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would have revealed how such a large scale of violence, so brazenly described by survivors of Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all the necessary and appropriate changes in this case.
The United States Gymnastics Federation and the US Olympic Committee have the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible so that athletes can strive to their goals in a safe, positive environment and have all rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski was a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976, Carter's foreign policy advisor. Then from 1977 to 1981 he worked as national security advisor, replacing Henry Kissinger.
He was a senior advisor to Carter in foreign policy, for example, in the signing of Camp David agreements in 1978, normalization of American-Chinese relations in the late 1970s, the formulation of policy on Iran’s revolution in 1979, the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979.
This film with the participation of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone won nominations in all major categories.
The two actors received nominations for Best Actor and Best Actress respectively.
In addition to the Best Picture, Best Director, Best Cinematography, Best Costume Design, Best Original Score, and Original Screenplay awards, the film was also nominated for Best Sound, Best Art Direction, and Best Editing.
Two songs from the film – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
At about 10 p.m. on Sunday, President Donald Trump through his press secretary said that the US troops will leave Syria.
The statement was made after the phone call between Trump and Erdogan.
Turkey will play a leading role in the question of the protection of captured ISIS militants, which, according to a statement, European states have not agreed to return home.
It also confirms that, at least some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already a widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not available from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
Scientists say that the feathers of this animal were above a chestnut-brown color, and below either pale or had carotenoid pigmentation.
The find also allows to see the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well developed axis, called rachis, but there are other distinctive features - bristles and bristles - researchers came to the conclusion that rachis, probably, appeared later by evolution of other distinctive features
The structure of feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. The researchers hypothesized that although this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but in the sample presented adult feathers, not chick feathers.
The researchers hypothesized that this is a tail of a young dinosaur, but this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not feathers of a chick.
Last night, at the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey), a car bomb exploded, killing 2 policemen and injuring more than 20 people.
The governor's office said that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
Police said that the suspected militant of the Islamic State (ISIS).
They found out that the Sun works on the same principles as other stars: it was established that the activity of all stars in the system is determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total luminosity and rotation are used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
The smaller the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in respect to reversals of the magnetic field.
Iwasaki often got into trouble while traveling.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a rabid dog in Tibet, avoided a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
The standard 802.11n works on both frequencies - 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has dual-receiver.
802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with the maximum theoretical throughput of 600 Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two grown-up children, did not impress Miller, who was told this story.
When asked to comment, Miller said, "I'm a big talker, so I'm prepared to listen to what he's saying. I didn't really listen to
We will be taking steps to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020, compared to 2005 levels.
He did not name a figure for cuts in budgets, saying that they will be made on the basis of the productivity of the Chinese economy.
Hu called for developing countries to "avoid the old system, in which they pollute first, and then clean up.
He added that "they should not be asked to take on responsibilities beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan for action in Iraq in the current situation will stop the religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains a sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the executive authorities with respect to Iraq and a strong call for immediate change of course.
The first recommendation is that the Iraqi borders should be strengthened and the diplomatic relations with neighbors should be resumed before the end of this year.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for the presidency yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Ms. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the allocation of funds for the provision of material support and the restoration of buildings after Hurricane Katrina, some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal" by President Bush.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that the contracts for restoration works were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to visit the funeral of.
The number of people present was so large that not all could get into St. Peter ́s Square where the funerals were taking place.
In various places of Rome were set large television screens, through which people could watch the ceremony.
Like this platforms, which was visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past policy of the FBI for the fact that it allocated a large part of resources to cases that are easy to solve, especially on cases of theft of cars, in order to increase the level of success of the
The Congress began funding the initiative to combat pornography in 2005 tax year and determined that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to combat adult pornography.
Robin Utthappa scored the most points in an inning: 70 points in 41 attempts, blocked 11 shots and 2 steals.
The middle-level defenders Tandulkar Tandukar and Rakhul Dravid played well and scored 100 points in a partnership.
However, after losing the gate captain India made only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for completing innings.
President Bush arrived in Singapore on Monday morning, beginning his week-long tour of Asia.
His greeted Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats on the interim elections, Bush announced the expansion of trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for consideration before the second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Layton in the Opposition
At the meeting with the Prime Minister, the Leader asked for changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since the Federal Government intervened and took on the financing of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the government of the state and some members of the federal parliament have criticised this action as a ruse in the run-up to federal elections which
But the Prime Minister John Howard said that this was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the government of Tasmania by way of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest monitoring data, the sea level was approaching a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Pago-Pago and Niue.
There were no reports of serious damage or casualties from the Solomon Islands, but there was a temporary power outage, which, according to the information available, did not allow the authorities in the Solomon Islands to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre (
Thirteen schools on the Hawaiian Islands, located on the coast or near it, were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of the warnings.
President Bush welcomed this statement.
Gordon Johndro, the US representative, called North Korea’s promise to “make a major step towards the goal of verifiable nuclear disarmament on the Korean Peninsula” a “major step in the right direction”.
Today in the Atlantic Ocean formed a subtropical cyclone Jerry, it is the tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at the moment, Hurricane Jerry does not pose any threat to land.
The US Army Corps of Engineers estimates that 6 inches of rain could have broken through the damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, which was submerged by 20 feet during Hurricane Katrina, is now knee-deep in water because the dam, which is nearby, was not high enough to hold the water.
The water flows over the dam on a section of width of 100 feet.
Adam Kerden expressed his disappointment in the removal of his conversation in the past month with Wikinews.
He [Wales] lied to us from the very beginning. First of all, acting as if it was necessary to do this on legal grounds. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images." #
The public outrage led to the fact that in the present situation measures are being taken to develop a regulation regarding the content of sexual nature for this website, where millions of media materials are available with open licenses.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword.
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
Like the Moon attracts Earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way affect the galaxy in the Sagittarius.
Scientists have concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a large proportion of the dark matter around the galaxy is in the form of an annulus and consists of a large
In the reports on television it is reported that white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station, to stay in the rooms, to turn off the air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Nuclear Management of Japan, the radioactive cesium and iodine were found at the plant.
The authorities are of the opinion that this indicates a possible leak and leakage in the containers with uranium fuel located on the site.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll found tuberculosis with extremely high resistance to drugs (XDR-TB).
He said that the new strain is very dangerous, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were employees of the hospital.
In one year, an infected person can infect from 10 to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of TB patients is still low; 6000 out of 330 000 TB patients in South Africa at the moment.
Satellites each weighing over 1 000 pounds and moving at a speed of about 17 500 miles per hour collided at an altitude of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists believe that the explosion was very powerful.
They are still trying to determine how big the collision was and how much damage will be done to the Earth.
The Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense is looking for the remains.
The results of the analysis of the bar graphs will be published on an open website.
The charge of murder in the aggravated circumstances will be brought against the pediatrician who worked at the Children's Hospital in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, after her mother was found dead in her car, authorities in Ohio said.
Doctors Malal Balasubramanian, 29, was found in Blue Ash (Ohio) about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He lay on the ground next to the road in a football shirt and underwear, and, it is believed, in a state of strong
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found the body of 53-year-old Saroj Balasubramanian covered with bloody blankets.
Police said that the body, probably, was there around the day.
First cases of illness were reported in July.
The carriers are swine, from which the disease is transmitted to humans through mosquitoes.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as setting up traps for pigs in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying
The Government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines in the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
Slán moved to Sweden in 1956, where he worked for the Swedish Postal Company for three years, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1,000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is so well known for its quality and detail, that he is one of the few "collectable names" among philatelists. Some specialise only in collecting
His magnificent thousand-mark of the year 2000 reproduces the "Great Deeds of the Swedish Kings" by David-Clecker Erich, it was entered into the Guinness Book of World
In addition, he worked on engraving banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his work are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada, denominated in
After the accident Gibson was taken to the hospital, but soon died.
64-year-old driver of the truck was not injured in the accident.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident the same day at about 12 p.m.
The man working in the garage near the place where the accident occurred said: "There were children who were waiting to cross the road. All of them were crying and screaming.
Everyone ran away from the place where the accident took place.
Other issues on the agenda at the Bali summit include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technology to help developing countries with lower environmental impact.
The United Nations hopes to complete the establishment of a fund to help countries suffering from global warming to fight its consequences.
These funds can be used for the construction of houses, resistant to floods, rational use of water resources and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to keep silent about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion because of the numerous positive comments and support received by her as well as from women and men, who asserted that contraceptive pills should be considered as a medical necessity." #
When the fight was over, after the injured were taken to hospital, about 40 prisoners remained in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to change the situation, but the demands of the detainees are not clear.
In the evening between 10:00 and 11:00, prisoners set fire to the yard.
In a short time, guards in protective gear marched into the yard and locked up the prisoners, using tear gas.
The fire was extinguished by the fire brigade at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, the seasonal floods, which spread the deposits over the river, ceased.
This sediment was needed to form beaches and sandy shores, which were the habitats of wild animals.
This has led to the extinction of two species of fish, including the endangered brown trout, and two other species, including the endangered grayling.
Although the water level will only rise a few feet, local authorities are hopeful that this will be enough to restore the washed-out sandbars below the river.
No tsunami warnings were issued and, according to a report from the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the earthquake's magnitude was not greater than 6.5.
Despite the lack of tsunami threat, residents started panicking and leaving their offices and homes.
While Wendy was ready to shed a tear during the farewell, she gave her fans a hint that she will return.
It will not be a farewell. It is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
According to the final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia, President Hage Geingob was re-elected with a large majority." #
The ruling African National Congress (ANC) in South Africa's Western Cape province has retained its majority in the provincial legislature.
The coalition and Afghan forces advanced to the area to protect the site, and another plane was sent to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is believed that it was caused by hostile fire.
The attempts to find the crash site encounter difficulties due to bad weather conditions and a complex relief.
Mangola, Doctors Without Borders and the World Health Organization have said this is the strongest outbreak in the country's history.
The representative of "Doctors without Borders" Richard Winman said: "Angola is heading towards its worst outbreak in years, and the situation in Angola remains very
The matches started at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not counting the morning drizzle, which quickly passed, it was the perfect day for rugby-7.
The South Africans started the tournament with a bang, defeating Zambia 26-00 in their opening match.
Looking clearly worse against their southern sisters, South Africa still improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defense, mastery of the ball and superior team work, and it was clear that to beat this team was not easy.
Officials of the Dutch authorities and the Anne Frank House Museum say that the tree is infected with a fungus and represents a public danger, since there is a direct threat
His plan was to be cut on Tuesday, but the extraordinary court decision was kept.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were named "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100 to 250 meters (328-820 feet)." #
According to infrared images, the differences in night and day temperatures indicate that it is most likely caves.
They are colder than the surrounding surface, and warmer by night.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they correspond to the deep pits in the ground, - said Glenn Cushing of the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, voting is traditionally conducted low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in the booth and places a pre-printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate he wishes to vote for, in the envelope.
After the officials verify the identity of the voter, he drops the envelope into the voting box and signs in the list of voters.
The French election laws are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988 onwards, ballot boxes shall be transparent so that voters and observers can be sure that at the beginning of voting there are no envelopes and that they do not add any other envelopes other than those of those people who were allowed to participate in the voting and whose votes were counted properly.
Candidates may send their representatives to observe the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict control according to a special procedure.
The series ASUS Eee PC, previously presented in the world with an orientation on such factors as cost savings and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the notebook market will change radically after the awarding of the company ASUS Taiwan for stability by the People’s Republic of China in 2007.
The website for the station describes the show as "a traditional radio theater with a new and outrageously devoted view!".
The first show was broadcasted only on the website of a long-established online radio TogiNet Radio, dedicated to radio discussions.
At the end of 2015 TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The first time the show was acted by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, the looting continued all night, because there were no policemen on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one of the commentators as being in a state of chaos, because groups of people ran around the streets and robbed shops with
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of being illegitimate.
South Africa beat "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three nations rugby union on the Royal Bafokeng stadium in Rustenburg,
The final score was a one point victory, 21 to 20, which ended the All Blacks winning streak in 15 games.
For the Springboks it was the end of a five-match losing streak.
This match was the last for "All Blacks", who won the cup last week.
The final match of the season will be played in Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred on Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
The US Geological Survey (USGS) and its National Seismic Information Center (NSIDC) have not received any urgent messages about damage.
The epicenter of the earthquake was about 20 km (15 miles) north-east of Dilloun and about 65 km (40 miles) south of Buett
The French authorities have confirmed that the avian influenza virus H5N1, which is fatal for humans, was found in a dead wild duck found in the Seine-et-Mar
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Whatcom filed a lawsuit against God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
Agnostic Chambers claims that his lawsuit is "not serious" and "anyone can sue anyone
The story told by Camille Saint-Saens in the French opera "Camille Saint-Saens, the life of which is controlled by love to drugs and to Japan.
The actors smoke marijuana on stage, and the theatre encourages the audience to join in.
Former Speaker of the US House of Representatives, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congressman Michael Bachmann took fourth, fifth and sixth places respectively.
After the results were announced, he praised Santorum, but he was very rude about Romney, who was the one who was broadcasting negative information against him.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today’s party convention and determine whether or not he should continue his campaign, but later said he would continue his campaign and will participate in the primary election in South Carolina on January 21st.
Bashman, who won the August poll in Ames, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, where he later died.
According to reports, he was 20 to 30 years old. Bieber said: "Although I was not present at the tragic incident and not directly involved in it, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
Entertainment news website TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of the Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the police stopping him, before he moved on and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic twice had to order him to move back
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer, probably, will not be charged with a criminal case.
Due to the fact that in the day you could win only eight medals, a number of countries were unable to be on the podium.
These include the Netherlands with Anna-Lena Jöchs, who finished ninth in the women's standing slalom yesterday, and Finland with Kaisa Saarijärvi, who finished tenth in the same event.
Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish eleventh in the men’s super-G race in the standing class. Czech Ondrej Elinek came to the finish sixteenth in the men’s standing super-G race
Aly Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in the super giant standing. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in the super giant standing.
The Polish skier with a visual impairment Maciej Kryzeł and the leader of the team Anna Ogarninska finished thirteenth in the giant slalom among men sitting.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010, are accused of spreading a disease which started near their military camp.
According to the lawsuit, the UN camp's waste did not pass proper sanitary treatment, resulting in bacteria entering the river Artibonite, one of the largest in Haiti.
The country did not face any problems related to this disease until the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute for Justice and Democracy cited a study by a non-governmental organization that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti unintentionally brought the disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, the UN expert on this disease, said that the explosion, probably, was caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the University of Harvard Hospital in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where there have been several cases of infection with Ebola virus.
The hospital was in full compliance with the infection control protocol, including separate patient care to prevent the spread of infection to other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on various positions on several shows.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "The Happy Company" and "The Trevor Ullman Show.
In 1989, together with Brooks and Groening he helped create "Simpsons" and was in charge of the first team of writers for this series.
While he left the show in 1993, he remained the executive producer and still received a salary of tens of millions of dollars each season.
China's Xinhua news agency reported that the plane was stolen.
Once more it was reported that the plane was threatened with an explosion of a bomb and it was turned back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In early reports, the plane returned to Afghanistan after it was denied an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Iran is a country with a long history of air disasters, where the air fleet is old and in poor condition, and the maintenance of which is not adequate for both civilian
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new aircraft.
Last week a police helicopter crashed, killing three people and injuring three others.
In 2018, the worst air disaster in Iran took place when a plane carrying 168 people crashed in the country, killing all of them.
In the same month another plane crashed outside the runway in Mashhad and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
The rock band had to tour in the US and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after the lead singer Steve Tyler received a broken leg during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in the tie-break after both men were serving 100% of their serves in the set.
Del Potro had a early advantage in the second set, but it also required a tie-break after reaching 6-6.
At the moment, Potro was provided medical care for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The program began at 8:30 local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country sang bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of the Lord Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanjee Sharma, followed by Jaya Shankar Chaudhary. esented the chhappan bhog bhajan also. He was accompanied by
Lakha Singh took over the leadership of the singing of bhadjans." # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # #
The 108 chaapna bhog were served to the grandmother Shyama. 
Lakkha Singh performed the bhajan bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal accompanied him.
President Nintendo Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new game console Nintendo Revolution at the main presentation of "Tokyo Game Show" in
The controller looks like a TV remote control, and it uses two sensors, which are located next to the TV user, to calculate his position in three-dimensional space.
By moving the device in the air, players will be able to control actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of the badly tightened right front wheel.
Michail Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso in the result of damaged suspension, received during numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings", he said, referring to the transcript of the press conference.
I was genuinely touched every time we rehearsed it.
About three minutes after the launch the on-board camera showed how many pieces of insulation foam had escaped from the fuel tank.
However, it is expected that they did not cause any damage to the rocket.
NASA's New York City program director Neil Wayne Hayes Jr. said the foam broke off "after a period of time that causes our concern.
In just five minutes before the start of the show the wind started to increase, in a minute later the wind reached 70 kilometers an hour... Then started to rain, such a strong and large, as if you are falling and needles, then from the sky fell a rain, people in panic screamed and bumped
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two wheelchair people, people just jumped over them and pushed them.
NHK also reported that Kashiwazaki Kariwa NPP, located in the prefecture of Niigata, continued operating in a standard manner.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. announced that there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that the reactors No. 1 and No. 2 on its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped
According to reports, more than 9400 homes in the region have been without water and more than 100 without electricity.
Some roads were damaged, in affected districts, the railway and the airport of Noto in the prefecture of Ishikawa is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the governor-general.
Three bombs exploded near the government buildings in the two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals, died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and melamine
Researchers at the University of Utah reported that these two compounds react with each other to form crystals that can block the function of
In the observation of researchers found crystalline formations, occurring in cat urine when adding cinnamic acid and melamine.
In the course of the comparison using infrared Fourier spectroscopy it was found that the crystal structure of these crystals corresponds to those
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but a large part of the goods from Central America were imported into Estonia without any
However, eighty percent of our goods were subject to tariffs in Central America.
It didn’t seem to make any sense to me; it was obviously not fair.
I tell people that you will be treated as you treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law banning the sale or rental of video games with violence to minors.
The law requires that violent computer games be sold in California with a sticker on the box that says "18", and that selling violent games to minors is punishable by a fine of $1,000 for each violation.
Yesterday morning the Russian prosecutor general, the title-holder of the royal attorney, made a statement about the initiation of a criminal case against both Hugh and Price.
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Ministers will be replaced by a member of the House of Commons, Norman Lamb. It is expected that Norman Lamb will take the post of Minister for Business.
Huhn and Price must appear before the Magistrates’ Court of Westminster on February 16.
Nicholas Alder, 25 years old, and Zahari Kaddebeck, 21 years old. Kaddebeck was a driver.
Edgar Velilla received closed head injuries, while Christopher Schneider required reconstructive surgery on the face.
The weapon failed to fire when it was aimed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, his head is missing, his face has been reconstructed with titanium
Schneider gave testimony via video link from the US Air Force base in his home country.
In addition to competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter participated in two individual competitions at the championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in the first race she did not get to the finish line. 36 of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In the other race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the position of sitting with a combined time of 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Letsch and on 1:09,02 slower than the ninth-
Four skiers in the women's sitting group were unable to complete their runs, and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom were unable to occupy places in the race.
The police in Madhya Pradesh returned the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
The Deputy Inspector General D. K. Arya said: "We arrested five people who raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The accused have names: Baba Kandjar, Bhuta Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Vishnu Kandjar.
Chief of the police Chandra Shekhar Sonanki said the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although inside the building at the time of the crash were three people, no one was injured.
But the driver was seriously injured.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed, while emergency services were freeing the driver of the red Audi TT.
The first time he was hospitalized in James Pyeatt's hospital in Great Yarmouth.
In the end, it was moved to the Addenbrooke Hospital in Cambridge.
In May 2015, the Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adekoya with murdering her son.
She is in detention awaiting the verdict and the trial, but any testimony may be distorted because her popularity was widely used by the media.
This is a normal practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish courts work differently, and they have ruled that publishing the photos as potentially damaging.
Professor Pamella Ferguson from the University of Dundee says that "journalists, I think, are really walking on a dangerous edge, publishing photographs and other information about suspects.
The Royal Court of Justice, which is responsible for the judicial process, said that it will not make any further comments at least until the verdict is brought against to this person.
The document, according to leak information, will deal with the border disputes that the Palestinian Authority wants to establish based on those that existed before the Six-Day War of 1967.
Other topics touched on included the future state of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both peoples, and the problem of the Jordan Valley.
Israel is demanding a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PLO is willing to keep it for five years.
The arrow shooters who participated in the additional test for combating pests were under close watch by rangers, because this test was under the supervision and evaluation of its effectiveness.
In the framework of the partnership of NPWS and the Australian Sports Shooting Association (NSW) during the NSW Hunter program, qualified volunteers were recruited.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Department of Wildlife and National Parks, four hunters selected for the first shooting operation have undergone comprehensive training and safety briefing.
Yesterday, Martyi brought to the oath new Temporary Electoral Council (TEC), consisting of nine members.
This is the fifth time that CEP Martei has won the title.
Last month the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Election Council to resign as part of the package of measures for the country to move to new elections.
The commission was a response to the mass protests against the state regime that started in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the failure to hold elections, some of which were scheduled to take place in 2011.
About 60 cases of overheating of iPod devices were received, resulting in six fires and four people received minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) stated that it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
On the previous week, the Ministry of Economy, Labour and Industry announced that Apple informed it of 34 additional cases of overheating, which the company called "min
In response, the ministry said the delay in Apple's quarterly report was "very disappointing.
On 7 January 2010 at 07:19 LT (21:19 GMT on Friday) a major earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said that there were no reports of damage caused by the islands.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center also said there were no signs of a tsunami.
The former Philippine policeman stole a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage the Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza fired his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six hostages were rescued, and at least six were declared dead at this time.
Five hostages, including children and elderly people, were freed earlier than the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took their place, because the old woman had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and began his career in medicine.
He graduated from the Obstetrics and Gynecology Department of the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in
When Liggins worked in hospital, he started to investigate cases of premature births.
His study showed that if you inject the hormone, it will enhance the development of the lungs of the fetus during
As reported by Xinhua, on Wednesday the government investigators found two flight recorders or, more simply, "black
As well as the wrestlers, the wrestlers also paid tribute to the Moon.
That's what Tommi Drimmer said: "The moon became the first Queen of Extreme. She was my first manager. The moon died in the night of two moons. It's such an unusual event as well as she herself
Dustin "Gladdas" Rannels said: "The moon was just as crazy as I was... Possibly even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place." #
Of 1400 people surveyed in the run-up to the 2010 federal elections, the number of those who oppose the idea of Australia becoming a republic has increased by 8 percent since 2008.
The acting prime minister Julia Gillard during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of respondents share this view and want that Queen Elizabeth II becomes the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29 percent of respondents believe Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent think it doesn’t need this form of statehood.
Olympic gold medallist should have participated in the 100 and 200m freestyle and in three relay events at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his complaints his physical condition is now under doubt.
He couldn't take the drugs that were needed to relieve his pain, because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and computer scientist at the Central Missouri University, 25 January opened the largest simple number known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that a few people confirmed this opening by using different hardware and software.
Maybe comets were the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic substances that can form proteins and support life.
This project will help us understand how planets formed, especially how Earth formed, because comets have collided with the Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumono signed his first bill as governor in January and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in February.
He called these rumours "political babbling and stupidity.
It is expected that he will run for President in 2016
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States, will allow planes to fly on reduced routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, and reduce CO2 emissions
It uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground radars which will allow air traffic controllers to more precisely determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more precise information.
The Wembley ground is not open to additional transport, there will not be any stops on the ground, and there are no parking and pick-up points.
The fear of not having transport caused the assumption that the Games may have to be held behind closed doors without fans.
The description of the study published in Science on Thursday says that a new bird species has been discovered on the Galapagos islands.
Researchers from the University of Princeton (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) have reported that due to the mating of the endemic Darwinian finch Geospiza darwinii with the introduced conirostris finch Geospiza conirostris,
Gold can be cast into any shape. It can be cast into very small shapes.
It can be twisted into a thin wire, which can be twisted and woven. It can be made of gold or silver wire.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal. It can be made so thin that sometimes it was used to decorate hand-painted illustrations in books - the so-called "frontispiece".
This is called pH of the chemical substance. You can make a pH indicator by using the juice of red cabbage.
Capsicum juice changes color depending on whether the chemical substance is acidic or alkaline.
The pH-value is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H) in the chemical substance being studied.
Hydrogen ions are protons, separated from electrons (hydrogen atoms consist of one proton and one electron)." #
Get a new mixture, mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and form a ball of this mixture.
Water on your hands will react with the upper layer, which will be unusual, then form a kind of shell.
Almost in every house of the towns of Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro was a toilet with a flush connected to a
The remains of the ancient sewer systems were found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece." #
Toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed together
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use satellite.
The satellite in space receives a call and immediately reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because the atmosphere of Earth in some way distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need a giant rocket that is 100 feet tall or more.
The wheel has changed the world in an unbelievable way. The most important thing it has done for us, is given us a much easier and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, a car and many other means of transport.
Under them are more medium-sized cats that eat small game from rabbits to antelope and deer.
And finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, snakes and birds.
The secret of their success is the niche concept, a special work that each cat performs, which keeps it from competition with other.
Lion are the most social cats, living in large groups, called prides.
The herd includes one to three adult males, in close kinship, and females and offspring, the number of which can reach thirty.
The females usually live together in close kinship and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions herds behave very similar to packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their victims.
Being athletically developed, tigers can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump over long distances and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same family (Panthera) as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger’s growl is not like the full-throated growl of a lion, but more like a babbling of unintelligible words.
Orcas are carnivores, and they love to eat small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will catch monkeys, snakes, lizards, and birds. Almost all animals that the orca hunts are much smaller than him.
Researchers believe that otters follow the tracks of animals and find their prey by smell, tracking their movements on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable move. Predators track prey, blending into the surroundings, and then attacking the prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment from that in which they were previously.
This new ecosystem has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need to have other characteristics or changes compared to those that it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed much — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As the new population adapts to the new environment, it progressively loses its resemblance to the rest of the population.
Over time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two species will look so different that it will be impossible to say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, which is the emergence of new species. Formation of species is an essential consequence and a very significant part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen that man breathes and take up carbon dioxide that man exhales.
Plants feed from the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
Mosaic was the most fearsome predator of his time, therefore he was not afraid of anyone but other mosaics.
His jaws were full of more than 70 sharp teeth, and there was a second row on the tongue, so that those who met him were doomed.
We do not know for sure, but it is possible that his tongue was doubled. He ate large fish, other crustaceans, and possibly a canibal.
He also attacked everything that was in water; even the giant dinosaur, such as Tyrannosaurus, was not compared to him.
While most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes, served during banquets. For example, the deer, the peacock, the snails and such a type of rodent as a
And another difference: while the poor people and women ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to organize joint feasts, during which they ate lying on their sides.
The Roman diet was not rich in foods that were brought to Europe from America or Asia in the subsequent centuries.
In particular, they didn't have any corn, tomatoes, potatoes, cocoa, and no ancient Romans had tried chicken.
Babylonians built each god a temple, considered the dwelling place of the god.
People offered sacrifices to the gods, and priests tried to please the gods on the ceremonies and feasts.
Each church had a courtyard and a closed churchyard, which could only be entered by priests.
Often, as elements of the temple, were built pyramidal towers shaped like ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house was not of great importance.
The majority of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the courtyard; shops were open shelves, which were facing the street. For the construction of houses, stone was used.
There were no large forests in the land of Hananiah, so wood was extremely expensive.
Grenada was sparsely populated. In the Norse sagas, it is said that Erik the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder and that he moved further west and opened Grenada and gave it
But regardless of its opening, there were already tribes of Eskimos living there.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, the rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you may think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence depicted a map of treasure.
But that is not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, it is not a map of the treasure.
The declaration’s reverse side reads: "This declaration of independence was signed on July 4, 1776." The text is written on the bottom and upside down.
Although nobody knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that the large parchment document (size 293⁄4 by 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage.
Thus, it is entirely possible that the note was added simply as a reminder.
The operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles liberated the northern part of France, but the south was still not liberated.
He was under the control of the "Vichy" French. These French, who signed the peace with the Germans in 1940, and worked together with the occupiers instead of fighting them.
On August 15, 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
All of the French forces and the Americans liberated southern France and went to Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the inhabitants of which are a relatively large number of people, living and working together, society.
The word “civilization” comes from the Latin word “civis” and means “citizen.” It is related to the Latin words civis, meaning “citizen,” and civitas, meaning “city” or “city-state
Cities-states - are precursors of nations. Civilizational culture implies the transmission of knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable cultural spread.
Small cultures often disappear without leaving any historical evidence, and so cannot be recognized as authentic civilizations.
In the War of Independence, the USA, in accordance with Articles of the Confederation, for the first time formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no powers to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the powers of the states, who often refused to cooperate and not to enforce all its acts.
He also did not have the authority to cancel the tax legislation and the rates of the states.
To amend the Constitution requires unanimous approval of all states, but the states have so disrespected the central government that their representatives seldom appeared.
The Italian national football team is second in the world and won the 2006 World Cup.
The most popular sports are football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, motorsport, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One.
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions. Residents of Italy from these regions participate in international competitions and Olympiads.
In Japan there are 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hokkaido), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its geographical location, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
Taiwan takes its origins many years ago, in the XV century, when European sailors passing by recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa, or 
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in the southwest of Taiwan, introducing new methods of rice and sugar cultivation, and hiring Chinese workers to work on their rice and sugar
In 1683, the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885, declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire.
The Qing government signed the Sino-Japanese Treaty of 1895, which ceded Taiwan to Japan, which ruled the island until 1945.
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely the Inca Temple of the Sun, the Temple of the Three Windows and the Inca Temple of the Sun.
Most of the buildings along the edge of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a more precise idea of how they looked originally.
In 1976, 30% of Machu Picchu was restored. Works on the restoration are still ongoing.
For example, the most common format for static photographs is 35 mm, and this format was the dominant size of film on the eve of the digital era.
It is still produced, but more important is that the ratio of the dimensions of the images of digital cameras inherited.
The 35 mm format is a bit confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and a height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format (divided into two dozens, to get a ratio with small whole numbers) is therefore taken as 3:2.
Many popular formats (e.g. the APS family of formats) are close or equal to these proportions.
Too often used and often mocked by the rule of thirds — it is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while preserving a certain degree of order
It says that the best place to place the main object is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see example
In the course of this period of European history, the Catholic Church, becoming rich and powerful, became the object of attention.
Christianity has united Europe for more than a thousand years despite the differences in languages and traditions.
Her all-encompassing power touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church funds exist to this end.
The center of the church's authority was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led to many doubting whether this dogma is being observed.
In a short time after the outbreak of hostilities Britain imposed a naval blockade on Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated all-around international laws, laid down in several international agreements over the past two centuries." #
Britain has deployed mines in international waters to prevent warships from entering entire sectors of the oceans, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because of the cautious reaction of Germany to this tactic, Germany expected such reactions on its unhindered underwater military actions.
As in the past, many people and nations in the 1920s were characterized by pacifism and isolation.
By learning the horrors and atrocities of World War I, states wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
1884 году Тесла перебрался в Соединенные Штаты Америки, и принял предложение работать в компании Edison в городе Нью-Йорке.
He came to America with four cents in his pocket, a book of poetry and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison." #
In ancient China, the unique way of denoting periods of time was used; each stage of China or each family, ruling the country, was a particular dynasty.
In addition, between the reigns of each dynasty there was fragmentation and instability. The most famous was the period of Three Kingdoms, which lasted 60 years during the dynasties Han
In this period there were fierce battles between many noblemen fighting for the throne.
The era of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in the history of ancient China. Thousands of people died in the struggle for the throne in the great palace in Xi'
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of a metre system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, not
Also after the Revolution opened up opportunities for working for all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because ranks were based on qualities, not on the origin.
The French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that did not relate to the worldly life. He often visited the cave known as Hira on Mount "Nur" (light) for reflection." #
And the cave which has survived to this day, very vividly gives us an idea of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on the top of a mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to find even those who know about its existence. In the cave, the man is isolated from the outside world.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above your head and many surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that still exists today.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE and is one of the many great pyramids built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
The Great Pyramid of Giza, or the Valley of the Kings, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (including the Great Pyramid of Giza), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
Great Pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Haps, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of his wives and relatives.
The movement of the splice joint is represented by a V, and the movement of the splice joint is represented by a square without a bottom.
Up" means that you should start at the tip of the bow and move the bow back. "Down" means that you should start at the place where your hand holds the bow and move it forward.
The upward movement of the bridge usually produces a softer sound, while the downward movement of the bridge produces a stronger and more forceful sound.
You can draw your own brushstroke, but remember that the brushstroke is printed for musical reasons, and it's usually a good idea to follow it.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowds of women from the market forced the return of the King Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King Madame Elisabeth
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd forced the King and Queen wide open windows.
At some point one of the participants of this mob waved his head in the direction of the royal guard killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified queen.
The US imperialist military expenditures on the Philippines paid for themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime in order to pay for the large majority of the expenses and interest on the bonds that were moved by the government of the Philippines through Wall
Of course, the profits made by the long-term exploitation of the Filipinos were the main source of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, we need to understand the context in which they were created.
The period in which these events took place is called the High Middle Ages, a period of European history that covers the XI, XII and XIII centuries (1000–1300 AD).
High Middle Ages replaced earlier Middle Ages and preceded the later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism - is a term, covering a wide range of practical ideas, from technological progress or technological imperative to strict point of view, that fates people are driven by the fundamental logic, associated with laws of science and their
A majority of views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of development of technologies is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influence and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own properties,
For example, it could be said that the car is an essential cause of the development of roads.
But the national road network is economically unprofitable only for a small group of cars, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a car.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the roads, which leads to the invention of new methods of treatment of injuries received on the road.
Romanticism was largely based on cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schleiermacher.
In the context of romanticism, geography formed people, and over time, there were associated with it customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of this society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws.
Like Paris is the capital of fashion in the modern world, so Constantinople was the capital of fashion in the times of feudal Europe.
His fame as a centre of luxury spread about 400 BC and lasted until 1100 AD.
His status was declining throughout the twelfth century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than those offered on the Byzantine markets.
At this moment, the title of the Capital of Fashion was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak between X-XI centuries and XIV centuries.
At first, clothing was influenced by Byzantine culture on the east.
However, due to slower communication channels, Western styles may lag by 25-30 years.
Own styles began to develop in Western Europe towards the end of the Middle Ages. One of the biggest achievements of that time, thanks to the Crusades, was the use of buttons to fast
Natural agriculture is agriculture that produces enough food for the farmer and his/her family.
Organic farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of the plants growing in this ecosystem, together with the use of rotational farming and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, most farmers were engaged in agriculture for food, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people who feel marginalized by the mainstream society and allow them to define themselves.
There are differences among subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of the people from which it consists.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
A subculture often claims its identity through a symbolic and distinctive use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to illustrate several tragic cases when children were not able to contact with adults during their adulthood.
Those children are called "wild" or "wildlings". Some wildlings were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such an abandonment of their child was the result of the rejection of parents
Children living on the streets, it is possible that they have suffered severe forms of violence or trauma before escaping or being abandoned.
Others, as is claimed, were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild nature on their own.
If he is raised entirely by animals, a wild child displays the same physical traits (within the physical limits) as the specific animal that raised him, for example, his fear or indifference to people.
In contrast to traditional learning methods, the SCAFFOLDING method is more interesting and simpler.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of support for those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be either virtual or real. In other words, a teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is a Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolding, helping in learning, is built into the software and is designed to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures that may be too difficult for the learner to sort out on his or her own.
Children are transferred to foster care for a variety of reasons: from abandonment to abuse and even extortion.
Children should not grow up in a situation where they do not receive care, education and care, but grow.
We consider the foster care system safe for children.
Our child protection system should provide safe housing, loving parents, stable education and good health.
Patronage education should provide all the needs, which were lacking in the house, where they were previously taken.
The Internet combines elements of mass and interpersonal communication.
The unique features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
So, it is suggested that "education" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for Internet use (James et al., 1995
Personal participation" and "long-term contacts" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web-
The use of video recording led to important discoveries in the field of microexpression interpretation — the movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that it is possible to determine whether a person is lying by correctly interpreting his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people who are damaged by a brain injury can not understand speech, but can correctly assess the sincer
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the twentieth century have shown that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
A mutation introduces a new genetic variant, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variants.
Segregation and recombination with every generation of the two pools of variations.
In the savanna, the mammals with such digestive systems as that of man, are unable to satisfy their nutritional needs by means of the available plant resources.
In addition, this will lead to such serious consequences as a slowdown in growth, malnutrition and, in the end, death.
The most accessible plant-based resources would be proteins found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as we are, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, food of animal origin (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also represents a rich source of proteins, containing all the essential amino acids
Taking into account all the above, it is not surprising that our ancestors decided to "protein problem" in the same way, as it is solved by chimpanzees in the
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional awakening during the normal sleep cycle and subsequent re-sleeping within a short time (10–60 minutes).
It is easy to do this by means of a relatively quiet alarm clock, so that you wake up and yet not completely wake up.
If you discover that you are resetting your alarm clock in bed, you can put it on the other side of the room, which will force you to get up to turn it off." #
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (for example, water or tea, known diuretic) before bed, which forces you to get up to go to the bathroom.
The amount of inner peace of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and mind.
As the tension is lowered, the more positive the life force is present in you. Everyone has the potential to find absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can attain enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but it has been supplemented by the Mahayana path of love and a number of Indian techniques of yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-consuming love.
Kundalini energy (the energy of enlightenment) in Kundalini yoga is awakened through postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is called Yoga of the Gods. Through visualization of various gods, the channels are cleansed, the chakras are opened and the consciousness is enlightened.
Germany was a common enemy in the Second World War, which led to cooperation between the USSR and the USA. After the war, the differences regarding the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and began the Cold War.
She had to last for 40 years. In it she fought in real life, using indirect armies, on the battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places of the world.
On September 17th, 1939, the Polish defence was already breached, and only hope was to retreat and reorganize along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when approximately 800 000 Soviet soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the capture of the Eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga Peace Agreement, the Soviet-Polish Pact of Non-Aggression, and other international agreements,
The use of ships for the transportation of goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and goods through the seas.
The traditional work of sailors is to ensure the ability of the country to move its people and goods, as well as simultaneously preventing the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most interesting recent examples of this was the Atlantic Ocean during World War II. American ships attempted to transport people and materials across the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German Navy, using mainly its submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition had failed, Germany, I think, would have been able to conquer Britain as well as other European countries.
Cows, it seems, were domesticated about 10,000 years ago in the Zagros mountains of Iran.
Ancient cultures and tribes left them to have milk, wool, meat and skins handy.
Dairy goats, as a rule, were kept in herds that wandered on hills or other pastures, over which often watched the herdsmen, which were usually children or adolescents, which is similar to the more common activity of the herdsman.
Roads for carts were built in England in the 15th century.
While the wagon roads were merely laid parallel to the logs, they allowed horses to carry heavier loads and travel at a faster pace than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Slabs were first used for this purpose in order to keep rails in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks were more effective when laid on a steel layer.
This is a common practice, but iron was causing more wear on wooden wheels of wagons.
In the course of time, wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transport was walking, people started walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means a straight man).
For their ancestors, the australopithecines, walking upright was not so common.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of Australopithecus afarensis from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although it is possible that the sahelanthropus walked
We can start living more in tune with the environment. We can become members of environmental movements and even be activists to help at least a little ease the suffering of the future.
This is often like treating the symptoms. If we need a temporary fix, we need to find the root cause and fix it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the influence of scientific and technological progress of mankind, and due to overpopulation and extravagant lifestyle of people problems became
After the Congress of 4 July, the manuscript version, signed by the chairman of the Congress John Hancock and the secretary Charles Thompson, was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap
In the night 150- 200 copies were made known as "Dante's leaflets.
The first public reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the front yard of the Independence Hall on July 8th.
6 July, one copy was sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. The copy arrived in London 10 August.
25 leaflets of Dunlop, known to us today, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Many paleontologists today believe that one of the dinosaur groups survived and lived to this day. We call them birds.
They are often overlooked as dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But you can still say a lot about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and clawed feet, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers used today are based on the processing of information, which is encoded in binary.
A binary number can have only one of two values, that is, 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" — or "bits", if using computer jargon.
It may be difficult to diagnose a poisoning from the mouth. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general to be diagnosed quickly.
The best sign of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medicine or a toxic household chemical.
Read the label, where you will find special instructions on how to provide first aid in case of poisoning by this particular poison.
The term "bug" is used by entomologists formally to denote a group of insects.
This concept comes from the ancient times of bed bugs – insects that are well adapted to parasitism on humans.
And predators, and bed bugs are egg-laying species, adapted to life in the nest or home of their host.
According to the US, there are approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS), which makes MS the main neurological disease of young people
Multiple sclerosis is a disease of the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the optic nerve.
Research shows that the number of people with MS is twice as high among women as among men.
The couple may decide that raising the child is not in their interest or the interest of their child.
These couples can choose to create a plan for adoption of their child.
When a child is adopted or fostered, biological parents refuse to have parental rights in order to give another couple the right to adopt the child.
The main purpose of science is to find out how the world works, by applying scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
He is, however, not the only. Scientific investigations also follow experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and conducting observations.
Naturalists and philosophers concentrated their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Latin Bible.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, Aristotle's views were adopted.
As Greek language deteriorated, Western civilization was cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are largely dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
## periodic rhythms are not just a response to periodic stimuli, but are also recorded in most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even in the absence of external stimuli.
The experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is a genetic material.
The worms with Cheetah implanted their DNA into bacteria with the help of phages, i.e. viruses.
They performed two experiments, labelling radioactive phosphorus with DNA of the phage and radioactive iodine with phage protein.
Mutations can cause a great number of diverse results depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germ line can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who like to travel to the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the list of activities available at the property are hunting, fishing, photography, bird watching, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example of this can be the visit, photographing and studying orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in the countryside to go to their place of work, and by their way pass those whose place of work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each one of them is somehow connected with the personal car system and supports it.
In the present day science indicates that the enormous hydrocarbon economy has influenced one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported evolution of mankind for the past two million years.
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
You rarely hear such complaints on the quality of water or falling bridges in developed countries.
Why are there so many complaints about transport systems? Why do they break down every day? Is it because transport engineers are incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental going on?" #
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with one another is carried out within the study of traffic flows.
It is difficult to study the intensity of traffic, because it is impossible to predict the behavior of the driver.
It is fortunate that drivers' behaviour is often quite systematic; thus, traffic flows are generally described mathematically.
To better understand the traffic flow, were established relationships between three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relations help in planning, designing and operating railway structures.
Insects were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and partners.
Most insects have the ability to fold their wings along their bodies, which gives them an advantage.
It provides them with more hiding places, where they can hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
A thousand years ago, a man named Aristarch said that the Solar System revolved around the Sun.
This page isn't available in your language yet, if you'd like to provide a translation please contact us at info@unawe.org Many believed
It seems like a good idea because we do not feel that the Earth is moving, do you agree?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first in terms of volume. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river on earth, with its width sometimes reaching six miles.
About 20 percent of the water flowing into the oceans from rivers on our planet is from the Amazon.
The Amazon River has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids of stones continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids in Giza have not been surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egyptians were amazed by monuments, created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of Vatican City is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the country with the smallest population.
In the Vatican, the Italian language is used in legislation and official communications.
Italian is also the everyday language of most people working in the country, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
Many people knew the basic elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easily extracted with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that all things are composed of a mixture of one or more of the four elements. It was earth, water, air, and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also assumed that they will pass into a new state, so that we can see what we see.
Composites are essentially mixtures of two or more metals. Remember that in the periodic table there are many elements.
These elements, such as calcium and potassium are considered metals. Of course, there are also such metals as silver and gold.
You can also make such alloys that contain a small amount of such non-metallic elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the universe is made of matter. All matter is made up of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so small that trillions of them can fit in the end of this sentence.
So, the pencil became a good friend for many people when it appeared.
It is sad that when new ways of writing were introduced, pencil lost its former status and they were less used.
People are writing messages on computers, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
It is only a matter of time before the keyboard is replaced by more advanced technologies.
Atomic bomb works on the principle that for a large number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary to
Like pushing a heavy wagon up a hill. Then the re-splitting of the nucleus releases some of this energy." #
Some atoms have unstable nuclei, which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence.
The Moon's surface consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under oceans and 100 km under the continents.
It’s thinner under the moon’s seas and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side, there are more moon oceans because the crust is thinner there. It was easier to get up on
Content theories concentrate on the search for what makes people act or may interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate inside during their development.
The theories address what makes people want to do what they do, and what makes them want to do or not do certain things in their environment.
Two popular theories of content — the "Pyramid of needs" and "Two Factor Theory of Motivation Herzberg.
Typically, two types of behavior can be observed when managers begin to lead people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is the attempt to remain "his boy" (or girl).
These managers are difficult to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate results of work, distribute responsibilities and attract employees to responsibility.
On the other end of the spectrum, the individual becomes a non-recognizable individual, who thinks that he must change everything that the team did and take it over.
Because the leader ultimately bears responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This conduct often leads to conflicts between leaders and the rest of the team.
Virtual teams are held to the same standards of excellence as normal teams, but there are some minor differences.
Virtual team members often serve as a point of contact for their direct physical group.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional team members, because their teams can meet in accordance with different time zones, which is not always understand local management.
The presence of a real "invisible team" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of the virtual team.
The invisible team" is a team of leaders who report to each member. The invisible team sets standards for each member.
Why should an organization go through the tedious process of creating self-learning organization? One of the goals of using self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used in all functional units of the organization, creativity and ingenuity may be manifested.
In the end, a united effort by the organization to overcome a barrier can lead to a new innovative process that will be in the client's interest.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge sharing and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used for helping organizations to achieve higher levels of efficiency.
The data of neurobiology give physical evidence for the theoretical approach to studying consciousness. Thus, the field of research is narrowed, and it becomes much more precise.
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It’s well-known that various types of brain injuries, traumas, injuries and tumors affect behaviour and cause changes in some mental functions.
The introduction of new technologies allows us to see and explore unseen structures and processes of the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for the creation of simulation models that help us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although artificial intelligence is often associated with science fiction, it is a very important area of computer science that studies the behavior and learning of machines and "infusing" them with intelligence.
The AI research includes the creation of machines for automating tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
Here are some examples of which you can mention: control, planning and creating schedule, response to diagnoses and questions of the customer, as well as recognition of face, handwriting and voice.
Like these issues are dealt with in separate disciplines, the aim of which is to solve the problems we face in everyday life.
The AI system is now being used in a variety of economic, medical, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some home computer programs and video games.
Educational excursions are very important for any class. Very often teachers want to take their students there, where buses cannot go.
Technology offers a solution through virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Updating the tour in virtual space for general viewing - is also a good way to refresh the memory of the tour and share your acquired knowledge with future classes.
For example, students at Bennet High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the city of Charlotte, and each year the site is updated, but access to old versions is still available — they serve as a scrapbook.
Blogs can also improve students’ writing skills. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this usually changes as a result of the presence of an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive for perfection in his writing in order to avoid criticism.
Also, blogging, students begin to better understand the world around them. Students are inspired to be smart and interesting, drawing attention to themselves (Toto, 2004).
Bloggership is an instrument, stimulating cooperation, and it motivates students to spread the process of learning far beyond the traditional school day.
Using blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet material, students can determine their position in the context of other works, and also express their own views on specific issues (Oravek, 2002)." #
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a huge number of art galleries and museums that open the past and present of Canada.
Then the south is the home of Niagara Falls, while the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and its surroundings.
All this and much more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are sparsely settled, and some of them are almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the population: in the United States more black Americans than citizens in Canada.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean near the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other and is a unique continent in terms of wildlife.
Almost all the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as luxurious beach resorts.
The Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Comoros and Mayotte islands.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 15th century, when the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India
North of the region is Sahel, on the south and west - the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists should be told that they are married, irrespective of their present marital status.
Also useful to wear a ring (not too expensive on appearance).
Women should realize that cultural differences may make them feel harassed, women are often persecuted, grabbed by the hand and so on.
Stand firmly on your own (this is not acceptable regardless of cultural differences).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by fishermen-Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Merenids as a strategic port, called
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the Castle of Kazan-Branka, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The Sultan of Morocco rebuilt the city of Ed-Dard-el-Beida, and the Spanish traders who founded here trading bases called it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
In the old medina you can easily find places where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather goods, cigarettes and a whole range of trinkets, but all this
Goma is a tourist town in the Democratic Republic of Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was destroyed by a volcanic eruption that buried under its streets, especially the central part of the city.
Goma is a relatively safe place, but it is important to check the information on travel outside Goma to understand the state of the fighting in the North Kivu province.
This city is also the starting point for climbing the volcano Niragongo, as well as to see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can take a goma-goma (motorbike taxi) ride. The normal fare is 500 CDF for a short ride.
Because of its relative remoteness, "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for exotic faraway land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990 it was added to the World Heritage List, in Danger due to sand dunes.
The filming of the PBS program "African Wonders" by Henry Louis Gates, Jr., one of the most important stops was made here.
This city is different from other cities in the country, because it is predominantly Arabic, not African.
The Kruger National Park is situated in the north-east of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its
The park's area is 19 500 km2; it has been divided into 14 different ecozones, each of which is a habitat for different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading national park in South Africa.
As in all South African national parks, there is a daily fee for its protection and visitation.
Also, it may be beneficial to buy a Wild Card, which allows you to visit national parks of South Africa, or selectively, or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named after the island of Hong Kong, the place many tourists consider the main object of their attention.
The line of buildings that form the horizon of Hong Kong are compared to a shimmering column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, it is necessary to leave the island and head to the coast of the Tsuen Wan peninsula, which is
The largest part of the urban development of the island Hong Kong is concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the north side.
This place was taken by British colonists and if you're looking for evidence of colonial past, then this is a good place to start.
Sundaran is the largest mangrove forest belt extending from the shoreline to 80 km (50 miles) into the continent in Bangladesh and India." #
Sundaram was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park of Sundaram.
These forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sudanban occupies an area of 3850 sq km, of which about three-quarters is covered by water or swamps.
Sundaburn is a wildlife reserve since 1966, and according to the latest estimates, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer in the area.
The buses depart from the inter-district bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most of them leave at 06:30 and 07:30.
Because buses from the district are often full, it’s best to buy your ticket in advance.
Coaster buses are small, comfortable and reliable.
A bus is a fast and convenient way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 Ngultrum) and Punokha (200 Ngultrum).
The bridge over the Oyapock River is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l
The two towers are 83 m high, and the bridge is 378 m long and has two lanes of traffic each with a width of 3.5 m.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011 and it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully commissioned in September 2017, when the Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters, who
The area of Chaco served as home for different groups of local tribes, for example for the Guaycura and Paguaya, they survived by hunting, gathering and
In the sixteenth century, Paraguay, which previously was called "the vast province of the East Indies", was created as a result of the conflict between Spanish conquistadors
The Spanish began colonization period which lasted for three centuries.
Since its foundation in 1537, the capital of Paraguay has largely succeeded in preserving its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for its best team and the best players in the world in such a sport as polo.
The largest tournament of the year is held in December on the fields for polo in Las Canitas.
Less-than-major tournaments and matches can also be watched at other times of the year.
To learn about polo news and where to buy tickets for polo matches, visit the Argentine Polo Association website.
The official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands Pound (FKP), which is equivalent to the value of one British Pound Sterling (GBP).
Money can be exchanged in one bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
Mostly, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, also often accept credit cards and US dollars.
In remote islands, credit cards may not be accepted, although British and American currencies may be accepted; check with the owners of the payment method to see if it is
The Falkland Islands are almost impossible to exchange outside of them, so exchange your money before you leave.
Because Montevideo is located to the south of the equator, there is summer in the Northern hemisphere, and winter in the Southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is located in the subtropics. In summer months, the air temperature above +30° C is a normal occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: the temperature rarely drops below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather compared to what the thermometer shows.
There are no particularly "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are accustomed to seeing people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and do not approach more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - bears, wolves, and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year dozens of visitors get hurt because they do not respect the proper distance. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or carrying with you smelly food, and maintain cleanliness in the camp.
Apia is the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 people." #
Apia was founded in 1850s and since 1959 is the official capital of Samoa.
The harbor was the site of the tragic naval confrontation in 1889, when seven German, American and British ships refused to leave the har
All ships sank, except one British cruiser. More than 200 American and German sailors died.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, peaceful assembly in the town led to the killing of the supreme leader Tupou Tamesi
There are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three district
The North Shore beaches (in the area of North-Harbor) are fringed by the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Beach on the
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded thanks to such trees as the pohutukawa.
In the heart of Auckland’s CBD, where the beautiful bay of Waitemata is home to some of the city’s most prestigious residential suburbs, such
This is sometimes crowded with people family beaches with good choice of shops located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that can be drunk, however New Zealand and Australian wines can better be transported.
Local tap water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have doubts, it is easy to find and bottled water.
Australians are baffled by the idea of "flat white". "A small black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream
Hot chocolate meets the standards of Belgium. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a superior quality.
On the reef there is a large number of trips, and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the reef are rare.
Although you should follow the advice of the authorities, obey all signs and pay attention to safety warnings.
Cucumis melo встречается вблизи пляжей и речных устий к северу от 1770 с октября по апрель. Sometimes they can be
Sharks are real, but rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
These crocodiles do not live in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booking allows the traveler to not worry about where to stay when arriving at the destination.
Tour operators often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book through the tour operator and other forms of accommodation, for example, camping sites.
Travel agents usually sell packages which include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport or even packages which include flights and accommodation in a hotel.
In addition, they can keep the reservation, if you need time to think about the offer or to obtain other documents for the destination (for example, visas
Any changes or requests should be sent directly to the hotel, not to the travel agency.
Some music festivals have a large majority of participants sleeping on the festival grounds, and many of them consider this an essential part of the festival.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to come in advance to find a place for camping near the music.
Remember that even if music on the main stages, may already be over, on the festival may be areas where music will continue until late at night.
There are special areas for camping for families with children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, ask about the cabin location, because the ice passage leads to quite a disturbing noise, which can disturb the most sensitive people.
Cruises to St. Petersburg include walking tours. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (please check conditions).
Casinos usually try to make sure that visitors spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. There are no windows and exits are hard to find.
They usually offer special food, drinks and entertainment to keep guests in a good mood and not leave the establishment.
In some establishments offer free alcohol. However, drunkenness makes the mind clouded, and all good players know how important it is to remain sober." #
Everyone who plans to travel in high-latitudes or in mountain passes should consider the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On ice and snow roads friction is low, and you can’t drive as well as on a normal road.
In the event of snowfall sufficient to block a road, it can fall in a very short time.
Visibility may also be restricted due to snow, sleet, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, the weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and the traffic continues all year round almost without breaks.
Safari is probably the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travellers.
The term "safari" in everyday use refers to a land trip with the purpose of seeing the breathtaking wildlife of Africa, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach the vehicles, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Leopards, cheetahs and lions sometimes are shy, and you will see them better through a binocular.
Hiking safaris (also known as "tree-hunting", "hiking-walking" or "walking safari") consist of a walk of several hours to several days.
Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only Asian city that has hosted the Summer Olympic Games twice. The first games were held here in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced for the move, you may have a difficult situation.
Order cancellation rules may vary, but at the end of March most rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020 when the Olympic Games were to be held.
The tickets will be priced from ¥2,500 to ¥135,000, with standard tickets costing ¥7,800.
Drying clothes helps them dry. Many hotels provide ironing facilities and irons, even if they are not available in the room.
If you don't have a iron or you are not fond of wearing clean socks, you can try a hair dryer if it is available.
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperatures (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are various methods of water purification, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places, it is enough to boil water for a minute, in other places it will take a few minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you are unsure, you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a reputable company.
Travelers can meet with pests that they have never seen in their own backyards.
Predators can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release poison or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which may cause damage or even lead to death of a human being, are usually not considered pests.
Shopping "duty-free" is an opportunity to buy in certain points goods without taxes and duties.
For those travelling to countries with high taxation, it is sometimes possible to save a considerable amount, especially on such goods as alcohol and tobacco.
The section between Point-Marie and Fermon has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, forested and mountainous areas.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be careful: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits are much lower than those on the previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 miles per hour (56-64 km/h) - and strict compliance is even more important than
However, as you may have guessed, mobile phone communication is much better here than on many other parts of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, Wyoming.
German pastry is quite good. In Bavaria it is plentiful and varied and looks like the pastry of their southern neighbour, Austria.
Fruit cakes are popular all year round, cakes with apples are available all year round, and pears and plums appear in summer.
In German cakes often use almonds, walnuts and other wood nuts. In many popular cakes are combined with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling sweet pastries, try the ones that, depending on the region, are called donuts or pancakes with filling.
Cari - is a dish based on herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "wet".
In the interior regions of Pakistan and Northern India in curry is used yogurt. In the South India and some regions of the coastal subcontinent usually use coconut milk." #
Indonesian cuisine, having 17 000 islands to choose from, is a general term used to refer to a huge variety of regional cuisines, found throughout the country.
But without any further clarification, this term is usually understood to refer to food from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, which is widely spread throughout the archipelago, includes a variety of simple spiced dishes. The most preference is given to such flavourings as peanuts, chili, sugar (especially yavanese coconut sugar) and various
Horseback straps are the legs of the rider, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the rider with the best stability, but they can be safety issues as there is the possibility of a rider's foot getting stuck.
If the horse has thrown the rider, but his foot has stuck in the stirrup, a running horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take a number of precautions.
Firstly, most riders wear boots for riding with a high heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, individual saddles, especially English, have safety straps, which cause the leather saddle to fall off if it is pulled back by a falling rider.
The Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
At the top you can enjoy breathtaking mountain scenery. Climber from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Skiing and snowboarding are popular winter sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Mountain skiing is the main tourist destination for many skiers (sometimes called "skiing lazy people"), planning to spend the whole holiday around skiing in a certain place.
The idea of skiing is very old: rock paintings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC!
Skiing as a sport can be traced back to at least the 16th century, and in 1861, the Norwegians opened the first entertainment ski club in Australia.
Skiing is a popular winter sport, especially among young people. It is also called backcountry skiing, ski touring or hiking on skis.
It is associated, but usually does not include hiking up the peak and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
Imagine that the skiing route is a pedestrian route.
If you have good conditions you will be able to travel several times longer distances than you would be able to walk, but you will only be able to run at a high speed when you don't have a heavy backpack and there is a well-paved trail
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent countries. In normal circumstances, travelling through many countries meant that you had to apply for a visa and multiple passport controls.
But the Schengen zone in this regard functions as an integral country.
You can usually cross the border without going through the checkpoints again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries of the Schengen Agreement separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define goods over 100 years old as an antique.
This concept has geographical variants in which the age limit in such places as North America is less than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as antiques, despite the fact that they are younger than similar products produced in mass quantities.
Reindeer husbandry is an important livelihood for the Sámi people, and the culture surrounding it is also important for many other professions.
Although this is a tradition, not all the members of the people of the Sami were engaged in the mass rearing of reindeer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using reindeer mainly as a sled animal
Today many Sami are engaged in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region of Lapland.
 Although the word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country you are planning to visit is under a travel advisory, this may affect your medical insurance during your trip or your trip cancellation insurance.
Maybe you should consult other governments besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their own citizens.
One example is that citizens of the United States in the Middle East may face situations that Europeans or Arabs cannot.
Only a brief description of the political situation in one country is given in the news.
The opinions expressed are often superficial, vague and oversimplified compared to the widely available more detailed information.
Unfavourable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous weather condition capable of causing any damage, causing serious social upheaval or leading to human casualties." #
Bad weather conditions are everywhere in the world, and they vary in type, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy precipitation and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, water
Regional and seasonal hazardous weather phenomena include snowstorms, dust storms, ice and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly advised to take into account any risks associated with the harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
Anyone planning to visit a country which may be considered as a zone of military conflicts should undergo professional training.
The search for the phrase "course on safety in hostile environment" may lead to the address of a local company.
In most cases the course covers all the topics discussed here in much greater detail, often with practical training.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes playing scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines on survival in the wild are often found, but there are few publications on the battlefields.
People planning to undergo sex reassignment surgery abroad should ensure that they have valid travel documents back home.
The willingness of governments to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents updated to reflect the desired name and sex, varies from place to place.
The readiness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under these documents is so varied.
The searches at checkpoints have become more thorough after the events of September 11, 2001.
Transgender people who are preparing for surgery should not expect that they will be able to pass through the scanners and yet their privacy and dignity will not be violated.
A breakwater is a wave-generated current that breaks against the shore, or sometimes against a reef or something like that.
The reverse flow is concentrated in a few deeper areas where rapid flows can form due to the similar underwater topology.
Most deaths occur as a result of exhaustion when attempting to return to the water against the current, which may be impossible.
As soon as you leave the current, it will be easier to float back than usual.
Try to go there where you will not be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may want to wait for rescue.
The shock of returning to your home country is more acute than the cultural shock (here the shorter romantic period lasts longer and is more difficult), lasts longer and is more severe
Travelers who are easily adapted to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and have lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, I think, were likely to treat you with patience and understanding, knowing that travellers need to adapt to a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding are needed and to travelers who have returned home.
The sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
The pyramids can be seen at night, and you can also see them in silence before the show begins.
Often you hear the noise of tourists and sellers. The history of sound and light is like a book with stories.
The Sphinx is the background and narrator of a long story.
Scenes show on the pyramids, and different pyramids are illuminated.
The South Shetland Islands are contested by several countries. There are more bases on these islands than any other in 2020, and sixteen were in operation in 2009." #
The archipelago is located 120 km from the peninsula. The largest island is named King George with the settlement of Villas-Las-Estrellas.
Others include the island of Livingston and Deception, where the submerged caldera of an active volcano is a spectacular natural harbour.
The land of Eluthera is a region of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain system El-Suert, divided by the Minnessota Ice-C
In the northern part, that is, on the slope of the Sentinel, the highest mountains of Antarctica are the massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892
In the remote areas outside the coverage area of mobile phones, satellite phones can be your only option.
Usually, a satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, because you need to be outside in direct line of sight with the satellite, to call.
The service is often used in maritime transport, including fast-moving ships, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communications.
In general, you can get more information about the connection of this service by contacting your local telecommunications operator.
An increasingly popular option for those who are planning to take a semester off, is to travel and learn.
This is especially popular among high school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting at risk their education.
Many times, enrolling on a course abroad during your vacation may actually increase your chances of getting into higher education in your home country.
In general, fees are charged for these programmes.
Finland is a great place for boat tourism. In "land of thousand lakes" there are thousands of islands in lakes and archipelagos.
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can easily be able to use a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the biggest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks leave completely different impressions.
Sailing is a national form of leisure in Finland. In particular, one boat is for seven or eight people.
The situation is similar in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is between one and 40).
The majority of individual Baltic cruises include a prolonged stay in St. Petersburg.
It means that you can spend several full days in this historical city, and sleep - return to the ship.
If you go to the beach only on a sightseeing cruise, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
Some cruise brochures feature Berlin, Germany. As you can see on the map above, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Traveling by airplane can be frightening for any person of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not to be ashamed of this: it is no different from personal dislike and fear of other things that many people have.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from uncertainty or inability to control the process.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Some routes are operated by larger companies with their own aircraft, but for other routes and smaller companies with this was a problem.
If they were shipping anything as an air cargo, then the loading and clearance of customs could take several days.
The only way to get to the bottom of it is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's rules do not allow sending baggage without a passenger, so you'll have to
The most obvious way to fly in first or business class is to pay for it (or better - to force your company to pay for you).
But this is not cheap at all - in rough approximation you will pay four times more than the ordinary economy class for business and eleven times more for first class!
In general, there is no sense even to look for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know very well that there is a certain main group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of getting somewhere quickly and comfortably, so they charge a corresponding
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
This conflict in 1994 led to the creation of a self-proclaimed pro-independence entity in the eastern part of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is
Although the failure of political negotiations, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
The main religion in Moldova is the Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third biggest city in Turkey with a population of about 3,7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transport hub.
The once ancient city of Smyrna today is a modern, developed and lively shopping center, located along the vast bay and surrounded by hills.
The wide boulevards, the glass facades of modern shopping malls interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, the old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than traditional Turkey.
From the hamlet Haldorsvik you can see the nearby island Estura, as well as the unusual octagonal church.
Some of the graves on the church cemetery have interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It is worth spending half an hour and strolling through a strange village.
A relatively close to the north, the romantic and charming town of Sintra, praised by Lord Byron and known all over the world after that.
The bus Scotturb No 403 makes regular flights to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
North of the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception of the Most Holy Virgin Mary, visit also the great Fatima Shrine (the burial place of the Virgin Mary).
Please remember that you are, in principle, on the place of a brother's grave, and also on the place that is of great importance to a considerable percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
There are still many men and women who survived their stay here, but there are also many more people whose relatives were killed here or worked here until death, whether Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, seriousness and respect it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and Nazis.
Do not vandalise this place, painting or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most signs are only shown in Catalan, because it is the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The usual announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced automatically in a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be egotistical, rude and arrogant.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish right away, if you show a little politeness.
The Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, mainly with beech, oak and pine trees, and is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
The combination of microclimates, different soils and elevation gradients makes it possible to display a wide variety of plant communities.
The area is rich in a variety of animals and birds.
Here you can see rare species of animals, for example, European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, lynx, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
Women should not wear skirts below the knees and cover their shoulders when visiting monasteries.
In most monasteries give the robes to women who came unprepared, but if you take your own, especially bright colors, the monk or monks will smile at you.
In the same way, men should wear trousers that cover the knees.
They can be taken at the door, but the clothes are not washed after each use, so you may not feel comfortable in these skirts. One size fits all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as those of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with widespread use of olive oil." #
The most popular dish for lunch, especially in the summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, which means You, always are written with a capital letter even in the middle of the sentence.
It is important to distinguish verbs and adverbs.
It is also likely to make reading easier, since writing is complicated by the need to determine whether a verb or adjective is in the subjunctive.
Pronunciation in Italian language is relatively simple, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as written.
It is very important to pay attention to the letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
And don’t forget that r and rr are pronounced differently: caro means "dear", while carro means "cart.
In Persian, the language is relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
So reading this Persian grammar book will help you learn a lot of new and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you have a Roman group of languages, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and it can be learned separately.
Ancient observatories are usually considered to be outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution in their flowering period was not as problematic as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, to which it is easier to get to than to those built in the past." #
Many modern astronomical telescopes are huge structures in remote places with favorable atmosphere conditions.
Watching the blossoming of the cherry blossom, called hanami, has become a part of Japanese culture since the 8th century.
This idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the plum blossom.
In Japan, the first celebrations of cherry blossoms were held only for the imperial court and other members of the aristocracy.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so do not succumb to temptation to take at least one.
Visiting an officially organized garden collection will also lead to the fact that you will be expelled without any conversation.
Singapore is a safe and easy place to get around, and you can buy almost everything once you arrive.
But, being in the "deep tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to cope with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely)." #
There are also several buses going north to Hebron, the legendary place of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob's burial, as well as their wives
Make sure that the bus you are going to take is heading to Hevron, not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Internal waterways can be a good theme for holding any kind of celebration.
For example, a visit to the castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise on the Danube, or a boat trip along the canal
They also define routes for popular pedestrian and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition to spend Easter night, not sleeping, in some open place, so as to see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it could also be a pagan ritual of spring and fertility.
More traditional churches often hold Easter services on Saturday evening during the Easter holidays, while the faithful usually begin the celebration of the Resurrection of Christ at midnight.
All the animals that initially arrived on these islands, got here by boat, landed or were washed by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals could not get to the islands, making the giant tortoise the main carnivorous animal on the Gala
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been introduced, including cattle, horses, cows, rats, cats
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctica in winter, you will learn that it is a period of darkness when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day long.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a consequence, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what we are used to in the West.
Coats are standard business clothes, and colleagues address each other by name or by position.
It is very important to have harmony at work, and group work is valued more than individual achievements.
The employees must obtain the permission of the head before taking any decisions and must obey the orders of the head.
