Now we have four-month mice with no diabetes", he said.
According to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, professor of medicine at the Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and the president of the clinical-scientific department of the Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still at an early stage.
Like some other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes.
On Monday, Sara Danius, the permanent secretary of the Nobel Committee for Literature, during a radio broadcast on Sveriges Radio, announced that the committee had been unable to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he had won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016 and that it was therefore ceasing its attempts to contact him.
Danius said: "At the moment we do nothing. I called and sent emails to his closest employee and received very friendly answers. At this point, of course, that is enough.
Before James Simonoff, the founder of Ring, heard the doorbell in his garage.
He said he created a doorbell that works from WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance in the show "Shark Tank" in 2013 where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017, Siminow appeared on the QVC channel.
In addition, Ring settled a lawsuit with competitors, security firm ADT Corporation.
However, there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce the mortality rate from Ebola virus, but so far no drug has shown a clear effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but official studies showed that it has a lesser benefit in preventing death than previously expected.
PALM, ZMapp served as a control level, that is, scientists used it as a basis and compared it with three other treatment options.
USA Gymnastics supports the letter of the US Olympic Committee and agrees with the absolute necessity of creating a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement of the USOC that our athletes, clubs, and their sports, more appropriately, should be reforming within our organization, rather than cancelling its certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that could shed light on how such a widespread, so brazenly described by survivors Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all necessary and appropriate changes.
USA Gymnastics and the US Olympic Committee share the same goal — to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes, so they can pursue their goals in a safe, positive environment and have all the rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski was a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976, he advised Carter on foreign policy. Then from 1977 to 1981, he worked as a national security advisor, replacing Henry Kissinger.
Being a national security advisor, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the signing of Camp David Accords in 1978, normalizing Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, formulating policy toward the Iranian revolution that led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan in 1979
This film with the participation of Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone received nominations in all major categories.
Goll and Stone received nominations for best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to the other nominations: "Best Picture", "Director", "Camera work", "Costume design", "Editing", "Sound", "Original music", "Art director", "Sound mixing", "Original screenplay".
Two songs from the movie — Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. The studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories — more than any other studio.
Later in the evening on Sunday, the US president Donald Trump through his press secretary said that the US troops will leave Syria.
The statement was made after Trump had a phone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will take the main role in the question of protection of captured fighters of the Islamic State, which, according to the statement, European countries did not agree to return home.
It is not only confirms that, at least, some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides details that usually cannot be obtained from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
Scientists say the feathers of this bird were from top to bottom of a brownish-red color, and from bottom to top of a pale or yellowish color.
The find also allows you to see the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed quill, called rachis, but still have other distinguishing features — beards and beards — researchers came to the conclusion that rachis, more likely, appeared later by evolution of other
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and to demonstrate.
Researchers suggested that despite the fact that this tail is the tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult bird, not a feather of a chick.
Yesterday morning near the main police station of Gaziantep (Turkey) was bombed a car, resulting in the death of 2 policemen and more than 20 people were injured.
Governor's Office said 19 of the wounded were police officers.
Police said that the suspect in the attack is a suspected member of the Islamic State.
They found that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: they found that the activity of all stars in the system is determined by their brightness, rotation and nothing else.
The total luminosity and rotational motion are used to determine the number of Rossby stars associated with the plasma flow.
Less number of Rossby, the less active the star is in the field of magnetic reversals.
Iwasaki often got into trouble during his travels.
He was robbed pirates, attacked by rabid dog in Tibet, escaped wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
Standard 802.11n works on both frequency bands – 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure its backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual-receiver.
802.11n is significantly faster than its predecessors with a theoretical maximum throughput of 600 Mbps.
Duval, who is married and has two children, did not impress Miller, who was told this story.
When asked about Miller's comments, he said: "I'm prepared, so I didn't really listen to what he was saying.
We will take measures to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 compared to 2005 level", said Hu.
He did not name a figure for budget cuts, saying that they would be made on the basis of the performance of the Chinese economy.
Hu urged developing countries to "avoid the old pattern, in which they first pollute, and then clean up.
They should not be asked to assume responsibilities that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT, a group studying Iraq presented its report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan for action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious war, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The opening statement calls for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the policy toward the Middle East.
In the report there is a sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current policy of the Iraqi government and a call for immediate change of course.
First among 78 recommendations is that the new diplomatic initiative should be implemented by the end of this year to strengthen Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current senator and First Lady of Argentina, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs.Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over how much money should be spent on providing financial support and rebuilding after Hurricane Katrina, which some conservatives jokingly called "New Orleans deal
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that the contracts for the restoration works were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people went to Rome to visit the funerals.
The number of people present was so large that not all could get to the Piazza San Pietro, where the funerals were taking place.
In various places in Rome were installed large television screens, through which people could watch the ceremony.
Like platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organized in many other cities in Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the past FBI policy of spending a larger share of resources on cases that are easy to solve, especially on cases of car theft, in order to increase the agency's success rate.
Congress began funding the initiative in 2005 tax year and determined that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to combat pornography in adults.
Robin Whitaker has scored a record number of points in an inning: 70 hits for just 41 pitches, he has batted out 11 for 4 and 2 for 6
Midfielders Tandulkar and Raghu Dravid played well and scored a hundred partnership result in the team
However, after losing the gate captain India completed only 36 runs, losing 7 gates for completing innings.
President George Bush arrived in Singapore early on November 16, beginning his week-long tour of Asia.
His welcome was received by the Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore Wong Kan Seng. Then he discussed trade and terrorism with the Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.
After a week of defeats on the mid-term elections, Bush announced a broadening of trade with Asia.
Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the party's caucus for a second reading. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Layton in the Ottawa
Leighton asked for changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental legislation.
Since the federal government intervened and took on the funding of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the state government and some members of the federal parliament have criticised this action as a ruse in the run-up to federal elections, which are due
Prime Minister John Howard said the move was made only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the government of Tasmania through the allocation of additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest monitoring data, sea level observations indicated that the approaching tsunami. Clearly seismic activity was registered near Pahoa and Niue.
From Tonga there have been no reports of serious damage or casualties, but there has been a temporary power outage, which, according to information available, did not allow Tonga to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC).
Thirteen schools on the Hawaiian coast or near it were closed Wednesday despite the cancellation of warnings.
President George W. Bush welcomed this statement.
Representative Bush Gordon Johndro called North Korea's promise "a big step toward the goal of a verifiable nuclear disarmament of the Korean Peninsula.
Today in the Atlantic Ocean formed subtropical cyclone Jerry, it is the tenth named cyclone in this season of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
According to the National Hurricane Center, at this time Hurricane Jerry does not pose any threat to land.
US Army Corps of Engineers estimates that 6 inches of rain could overwhelm damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, flooded by Hurricane Katrina, is now at least 20 feet under water because the levee that was nearby was insufficient to hold the water.
Water pours over the dam on a 100-foot wide strip.
Adam Kerden expressed his disappointment in the deletions in his conversation with Wikinews in the past month.
He [England] essentially lied to us from the beginning. First, acting as if it was necessary to do so on legal grounds. Then, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images.
Public outrage led to the development of a regulation on the content of sexually explicit material on this site, where millions of media materials with open licenses are available.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Bull." #
The effect that the team was looking for could be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way
Also, as the Moon attracts Earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way affect the galaxy in the Sagittarius." #
Scientists have made a conclusion that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a significant portion of the dark matter around the Galaxy is located in the form of an oculus and consists of a
In the news reports on television it is reported that white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station to stay in their homes, turn off air conditioners and not drink water from the tap.
According to the nuclear management of Japan, the plant was found to have radioactive cesium and iodine.
The authorities believe that this indicates a possible leak and a rupture in the containers containing the uranium fuel.
In South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll discovered a highly resistant form of tuberculosis (XDR-TB).
He said that the new strain causes very great concern, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients may have been infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were hospital staff members.
In one year, an infected person can infect up to 15 people by close contact.
However, the percentage of people with tuberculosis with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of patients with tuberculosis still seems low; 6000 of the total number 330 000 infected in this
Satellites, each weighing more than 1 000 pounds and moving at a speed of approximately 17 500 miles per hour, collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
Scientists say the explosion was very powerful.
They are still trying to determine how big the collision was and how much damage Earth will suffer.
The Strategic Command of the U.S. Department of Defense is conducting a search for debris.
The results of the analysis of the graphs will be published on an open website.
The prosecution will be brought against a pediatrician who worked at the Pittsburg Children's Hospital in Pennsylvania after her mother was found dead in her car in the parking lot, according to authorities in Ohio.
Dr. Malarvasuramanian, 29, was found lying on the ground near a road in a shirt and underwear and, apparently, in a state of strong drug intoxication.
She sent the officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found the body of 53-year-old Saroj Balasubramanian, covered with bloody sheets.
Police said that the body, probably, was there for about a day.
First cases of the disease were reported in July.
Transmitters are pigs, from which the disease is then transmitted to man.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as installing traps for pigs in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying
The government also promised several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the institutions of health for the next year.
The plans to deliver vaccines in the most affected areas this year were delayed due to insufficient funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
Slány moved to Sweden in 1956, where he worked for the Swedish Post Company for three years, and became their main engraver.
He created more than 1000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His work is so well known for its quality and detailing that he is one of the few "generic names" among stamp collectors.
His magnificent thousand-mark 2000 year commemorates "Great deeds of Swedish kings" David-Clecker Ernestral, it is entered in the Guinness Book of World Records." #
In addition, he was engaged in the engraving of banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his work — portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada denomina
After the accident Gibson was rushed to the hospital, but soon died.
64-year-old driver of a truck in an accident did not suffer
The car was removed from the scene of the accident the same day at approximately 12:00 GMT.
The man working in the garage near the place where the accident happened said: "There were children who were waiting to cross the road. They were crying and wailing.
All ran away from the place where the accident occurred.
Other issues on the agenda include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technology to help developing countries with lower environmental impact.
UN hopes to complete the creation of a global fund to help countries cope with the consequences of global warming.
These funds can go to the construction of houses, resistant to floods, water resource management and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to silence about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to such a conclusion because of numerous positive comments and support received by her as from women, as well as from men, who asserted that contraceptive pills should be considered as a medical necessity
When the fight stopped, after the injured were brought to the hospital, about 40 prisoners remained outside and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to correct the situation, but the demands of the detainees are not clear.
At 10:00 and 11:00 pm in the mountain time prisoners set fire to the yard.
In the near future, guards in protective gear passed by the yard and locked up the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
In the result, the fire brigade extinguished the fire at 23:35.
After the construction of the dam in 1963, seasonal floods, spreading deposits, stopped.
This sediment was needed for the formation of beaches and sand dunes, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two types of fish, including the toothed pike, and two other, including the toothed pike, were put under threat of extinction.
However, after the floodwaters recede only a few feet, authorities hope that this will be enough to restore washed-out sandbars below the river.
There were no warnings of tsunami and according to a report from the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will be no tsunami, because the magnitude of the earthquake was not reached 6.5." #
Although there is no tsunami threat, people started panicking and leaving their offices and homes.
While Wendy was ready to shed a tear during her farewell, she gave her fans a hint that she will return.
This will not be a farewell. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of another.
Final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia have confirmed the victory of President Hage Geingob.
The ruling party of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also retained majority in parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan forces advanced to the area to protect the site, and another aircraft was sent to provide support.
The crash occurred in the highlands, and, as is believed, was caused by enemy fire.
The attempts to find the crash site are met with bad weather conditions and difficult terrain.
Medical humanitarian organization Mangola, Doctors without Borders and the World Health Organization said it was the strongest outbreak in the country's history.
Victims of the conflict in the Central African Republic are in desperate need of humanitarian aid.
Matches started at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not counting the rainy morning, it was an ideal day for rugby-7.
South African champions started with a correct note, when they won a beautiful victory over Zambia, which is currently on the 5th position.
Looking clearly worse in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defense, mastery of the ball and excellent teamwork, and it was clear that to beat this team was not easy.
Officials from the Amsterdam authorities and the Anne Frank House say the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health risk because there is a direct threat of its
His plan was to be cut down on Tuesday, but a court order was kept.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were named "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100 meters (328 feet).
According to infrared images, the night and day temperature difference tells us that it is more likely caves.
They are colder than the surrounding surface, and warmer at night.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of the large caves on Earth, which often maintain almost constant temperature, but they correspond to what is deep holes in the ground, — said Glenn Cushing from the Planetary Geology Division of the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Voting in France is traditionally carried out low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in the cabin and puts in advance printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate chosen, in the envelope.
After the officials verify the identity of the voter, he drops the envelope in the voting box and signs in the list of voters.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their organization.
From 1988, the ballot boxes must be transparent so that voters and observers could be sure that at the beginning of the voting there are no envelopes and that there are no other envelopes, other than those of those people who were allowed to participate in the voting and the votes of which were counted properly.
Candidates may send their representatives to observe the whole process. At night the votes are counted by volunteers under strict control according to a special procedure.
Series ASUS Eee PC, previously presented in the world with an orientation on such factors as cost savings and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007
The consumer market for laptops will change radically after the awarding of the company ASUS Taiwan Excellence Award for stability by the People's Republic of China in
The station describes the show as "traditional radio theater with a new and outrageous view!".
In the early period of its existence, this show was only broadcast on the website of an existing online radio TogiNet Radio, dedicated to radio discussions." #
In 2015, TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The first show was acted by amateurs from the Eastern Texas.
According to reports, mass looting continued all night, because there were no police officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being submerged in anarchy, as people ran around the streets and robbed shops with consumer goods." #
Some of the residents of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of lawlessness.
South Africa beat "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three Nations Cup rugby union at the Royal Bafokeng stadium in Rustenburg
The final score was a one-point victory, 21-20, which ended the All Blacks' 15-game winning streak.
For "Sprintbox" it was interrupted five-match losing streak.
This match was the last for "All Blues", who won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be played in Ellis Park in Johannesburg on the next week, when the Springboks will play against Australia.
Slightly moderate earthquake occurred in Monday in western part of Montana in 22:08.
USGS and its National Seismic Information Center have not received any urgent reports of damage.
Earthquake epicenter was about 20 km (15 miles) north-east of Dilloun and about 65 km (40 miles) south-east of Buut.
It was confirmed that the H5N1 avian flu strain, fatal for humans, was found in a dead wild duck found in Monday near Le Mans in eastern France." #
France is the seventh country in the EU to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
Cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
The Supreme Court of the United States has filed a lawsuit against God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
Agnostic Wheaton asserts that his lawsuit is "merely" and "anyone can sue anyone for anything.
The story told in the French opera by Camille Saint-Saens, tells about a painter, "whose life is controlled by love for drugs and Japan.
In the end, the actors smoke marijuana on stage, and the theater encourages the audience to join.
Former Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congressman Michelle Bachmann occupied fourth, fifth and sixth positions respectively.
After the results were known, Gingrich praised Santorum, but rudely criticized Romney, from the name of which in Iowa was broadcast negative information against Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas to evaluate the results of today's congressional caucus and determine whether or not he should continue his campaign.
Bahman, who won the August election in the city of Ames, decided to end his campaign.
Photographer was transported to the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center where he later died.
According to reports, he was 20 to 30 years old. In a statement Bieber said: "While I was not present at the tragic incident and did not directly be involved in it, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
Entertainment-news website TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the stop by police, before he crossed the road and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic, twice had to order him to
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer is likely to not be charged.
Because in one day you could win only eight medals, some countries did not manage to be on the podium.
They include Netherlands with Anna Johansson, who finished ninth in the women's super G yesterday, and Finland with Kaisa Saarijärvi, who finished tenth in the same event.
Australian Mitchell Gurney came to the finish line eleventh in men's super-G race. Czech Oleg Elynek came to the finish line sixteenth in men's super-G race. " #
Aly Velasquez of Mexico finished fifteenth among men in supergiant standings. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in supergiant standings.
Poland's Lukasz Kryzeł and the leading skier Anna Ogarniska finished thirteenth in the super giant slalom among men in sitting position.
UN peacekeepers, who arrived in Haiti after the earthquake in 2010 have been accused of spreading a disease that began near their military camp.
According to the complaint, the UN camp's waste did not pass proper sanitary processing, resulting in the bacteria entering the river Artibonite, one of the largest in Haiti.
Before the arrival of the troops of the state of Haiti, there were no problems with this disease, from the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy has cited an independent study that suggests that the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti accidentally brought disease to the country.
Daniel Landa, UN expert on this disease, said that the outbreak may have been caused by peacekeepers.
Hamilton confirmed that the patient was admitted to the Howard University Hospital in a stable condition.
Patient visited Nigeria, where several cases of Ebola infection were discovered.
In the hospital was observed infection control protocol, including separate isolation of the patient, to prevent possible infection of other patients.
From "The Simpsons" Simon worked on several positions on several shows.
In the 1980s he worked in such programs as "Taxi", "Funny Company" and "Tressie Ullman Show.
In 1989, along with Brooks and Groening, he helped create "The Simpsons" and was responsible for the first team of writers for this series.
Although he left the show in 1993, he remained an executive producer and still received millions of dollars in salary each season.
Before Chinese news agency "Xinhua" reported that the plane was stolen.
After the plane was reported to have received a threat of bombing and was re-routed back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul
In early reports, it is said that the plane returned to Afghanistan after being refused an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air crashes are a common occurrence in Iran, where the country has aged air fleet, which is poorly maintained for both civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new airplanes.
In the past week, three people were killed and three injured in a police helicopter crash.
In the past year, Iran's worst air disaster in years, when a plane crashed in Armenia, killing 168 people, on board.
In the same month another airplane rolled out of the runway in Meshkat and crashed into the wall, killing 17 people.
Aerosmith have cancelled the remaining concerts in their tour.
Rock band had to tour in the US and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after singer Steve Tyler was injured during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving 100% of the points in the set.
Del Potro had a early advantage in the second set, but it also required a tie-break after reaching 6-6.
At the moment, Potro was treated for his shoulder and he was able to return to play.
The program began at 8:30 pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
Famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began with singer Sanju Sharma, followed by singer Jai Shankar Chawdhury. He was accompanied by a singer, Raju Khandelval.
Lakhs Singh took the lead in singing bhajans.
Grandma Shyama were presented 108 chappan-bhaag (in Hinduism — 56 different dishes, including sweets, fruits, nuts and other dishes, presented to the
Lakkha Singh performed the bhajan bhajan bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal sang with him.
President Nintendo Satoru Iwata (Satoru Iwata) presented the design of the new video game console Nintendo Revolution at the main presentation of the "Tokyo Game Show
The controller looks like a television remote control, and it uses two sensors, which are located next to the television user, to calculate its position in three-dimensional space.
By moving the device in the air players will be able to control the actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right rear wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Alonso in the result of damage to the suspension, received during numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings", he said, referring to the press conference transcript.
I was completely sincere every time we rehearsed it.
About three minutes after the launch the flight camera showed, as from the fuel tank fell numerous pieces of insulation foam.
However, it is assumed that they did not damage the space shuttle.
NASA Administrator Neil A.
In just five minutes before the fireworks started, the wind increased, and in a minute it reached 70 kilometers per hour... Then the rain started, so heavy and large, like you are being hit by needles, then the sky fell with hail, people were screaming and bumping each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two wheelchair-bound people, people just jumped over them and pushed them," said Arman Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in the prefecture of Niigata, was operating in a normal mode.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. said there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that the reactors No 1 and No 2 at its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to reports, about 9400 homes in the region remained without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads were damaged, in the affected areas, railway and airport in Ishikawa prefecture is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the governor.
More three bombs exploded near government buildings in two hours.
According to some reports, the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals, died after eating contaminated food for animals, were found as cianuric acid and melamine
Researchers at the University of California, San Diego, reported that these two compounds react together to form crystals that can block the function
In the observations, the researchers found crystalline formations, which occur in cat urine when added cianuric acid and melamine." #
Infrared Fourier transform spectroscopy was used to compare the crystal structure of the crystals found in the urine of the infected
I don't know whether you realize it or not, but a large part of the goods from Central America was imported into this country without
However, eighty percent of our products were subject to tariffs in Central America.
It didn't seem to make sense; of course it wasn't fair.
I tell people that you will be treated as you treat others.
California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a bill banning the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence be sold in California with a sticker that says "18", and that selling games to minors is punishable by a fine of $1,000 for each violation.
Today, the chief prosecutor of the UK, Sir Kier Starmer, made a statement about the prosecution of both Hunter and Pearce.
Hyun resigned, and in the Cabinet Minister Norman Lamb will replace the member of Parliament Ed Davies. It is expected that the member of Parliament Norman Lamb will take the Minister of Business post.
Huyn and Price must appear in the Magistrates' Court of Westminster on February 16, 2018
The two men were killed when their car crashed into a tree.
Edgar Veglilla received injuries to his right hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider required reconstructive surgery on his face.
The Weapon Uki failed to hit the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, his head has been reconstructed with titanium.
Шнейдер дал показания через видеосвязь с базы ВВС США у себя на родине.
In addition to the competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter took part in two individual competitions on the championships.
Her first competition was downhill, in which she did not finish the race. 36 of 116 participants had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in sitting position with combined time 4:41,30. On 2:11,60 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 minutes slower than the ninth-placed Hungary's
Four women in the sitting women's team did not finish their runs, and 45 of 117 skiers in the giant slalom did not finish their races.
Police in the state of Madhya Pradesh have returned the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
D. K. Arya stated: "We arrested five people who raped a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The accused have the names Baba Kandjar, Bhuta Kandjar, Rampro Kandjar and Vishnu Kandjar.
Chief of police Chandrashekhar Solanji said the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although inside the building at the time when it was hit by a car, there were three people, nobody was injured.
However, the driver received serious head injuries.
The road, where the accident occurred, was temporarily closed, while the rescue services freed the driver from the red Audi TT.
In the beginning he was hospitalized at James Pedegree Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
After he was moved to the Addenbrooke Hospital in Cambridge
In the end, Edinburgh Sheriff Court charged Adeke with the murder of her son.
She is currently under arrest awaiting the issuance of her charge and the hearing of a court case, but any testimony may be distorted because her popularity was widely used by the
This is a common practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish justice system works differently, and courts found publishing the photos as potentially damaging.
Professor Pamella Ferguson from the University of Dundee notes that "journalists, apparently, really are walking dangerously close to publishing photographs and other information about suspects.
The royal prosecution, which generally handles criminal cases, said it would not make any further comments at least until the verdict is handed down.
Document, according to leak, will concern the border dispute between Palestine and Israel that the Palestinians want to establish based on the borders that existed before the Six-Day War of 1967.
Others touched topics, as reported, include the future status of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both nations, and the Jordan Valley issue.
Israel demands permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after signing the agreement, while the PLO agrees to keep such presence for five years.
The archers who took part in the additional test for combating pests had to be under the watchful eye of rangers, because this test was under the supervision and evaluated its effectiveness." #
In the framework of the partnership NPWS and the NSW Sports Shooters Association (NSSWA) during the hunting program of the NSW Sports Shooters Association were qualified volunteers.
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the National Park Service's Office of the Chief of Public Affairs, four hunters were selected for the first firearms operation, and they were all trained and briefed
Yesterday, Marchetti appointed a new temporary electoral council (TIC), consisting of nine members.
This is the fifth CEP Marchetti for four years.
In the past month, the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Election Commission to resign as part of a package of measures to move the country to new elections.
The Commission became the response of Martelli to the mass protests against the state regime, which began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the non-conducting of elections, some of which were due to take place in 2011
About 60 cases of overheating iPods have been reported, resulting in six fires and four minor burns.
Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) announced that it had been informed of 27 cases involving these devices.
Last week, the Ministry of Economy, Labor and Industry informed Apple of 34 additional cases of overheating, which Apple called "minor.
In response, the ministry said it was "very sorry" for the delay in the report.
At 07:19 a.m. local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) occurred a earthquake in Mariana.
North Mariana Islands Emergency Management Agency said there were no reports of damage caused by the storm.
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there were no signs of a tsunami.
Former Philippine police officer hijacked a tourist bus in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Ronaldo Mendoza shot from his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six people were rescued, and at least six were declared dead at this time.
Five hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as Filipino photographers." #
The photographers took their place at the end of the line, because the old woman had gone to the toilet. Mendoza
Liggins went down the father's path and began his career in medicine.
He received a bachelor's degree in obstetrics and gynecology and began working at the National Women's
When Liggins worked in the hospital, in his free time he started to investigate premature births.
His research showed that if the hormone is introduced, it will increase the lung maturity of the fetus during the development
However, the two black boxes have been found. 
Restaurateurs aussi ont rendu hommage à la Lune.
Here's what Tommi Drimmer said: "The Moon became the first Queen of Extreme. She was my first manager. The Moon left us in the night of two moons. It's such an unique event as well as she
Dustin "Gladdas" Rannels said: "The moon was so crazy, like I was... Maybe even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place.
In a survey of 1400 people, conducted in the run-up to federal elections in 2010, the number of those who opposed Australia becoming a republic has risen by 8 percent.
The acting prime minister Julia Gillard during the 2010 federal election campaign expressed her opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of Queen Elizabeth II.
34% of those surveyed share this view and want the Queen to be the last monarch of Australia.
The poll showed that 29 percent of respondents believed Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent believed it did not need this form of statehood.
Olympic gold medallist was supposed to participate in the 100 and 200 m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but because of his complaints his physical condition is now under scrutiny.
He couldn't take the medications necessary to ease his pain, because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a mathematician and professor of computer science at the Central Missouri University, 25 January opened the largest simple number known to date.
Tuesday, February 19, 2018
Maybe comets were the source of water delivery to Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that can form proteins and support life.
Scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, especially how Earth formed, because comets collided with Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumonosu started his career as governor in the beginning of this year and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the past month.
He called these rumors "political chatter and foolishness.
He is expected to run for president in 2016
NextGen — is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States, will allow aircraft to fly on reduced routes and annually save millions of gallons of fuel, and reduce
She uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground-based radars, which will allow air traffic controllers to more accurately determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
The Wembley ground is not currently operating any additional transport, there are no stopping on-site trains, and there are no parking and pick-up points.
The fear of not having transport caused the assumption that the game, perhaps, will have to be played behind closed doors without fans.
A new bird species has been discovered on the Galapagos Islands, according to a study published in Science on Thursday.
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's sparrow (Geospiza fortes) with the introduced conirostris sparrow (Geospiza conirostris), a
Gold can be cast into any shape. It can be cast into very small shapes.
It can be pulled thin wire, which can be twisted and braided. It can be made of gold or silver.
It can be made very thin and attached to another metal.
This is called pH chemical substance. You can make indicator by using red cabbage juice.
Cabbage juice changes color depending on whether it is acidic or alkaline.
The pH of a chemical substance is determined by the concentration of hydrogen ions (H in pH) in it.
Protons are electrons that have been separated from the nucleus of an atom of hydrogen.
Get a new mixture, mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and gently mold this mixture into a ball.
Water on your hands will react with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a kind of shell.
In almost every house in Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro there was a toilet with a flush, connected to a complex sewer
The remains of the drainage systems were found in the houses of the Minoan cities of Crete and Santorini in Greece.
Toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths, where men and women were washed together
When you call someone thousands of miles away from you, you use a satellite.
Satellite in space receives a call and almost immediately reflects it back down.
Satellite was launched into space by rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because of the atmosphere of Earth in some way distorts our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope, you need a giant rocket that is 100 feet tall.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing that the wheel has done for us, — gave us much more light and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, car and many other transport vehicles.
Underneath them are more than a few medium-sized cats that eat small prey from rabbits to antelope and deer.
Finally, many small cats (including walking domestic cats) eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, snakes and birds.
Their success is based on the concept of niche, a special work that each cat performs, which keeps it from competition with other.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called prides.
The pride includes one to three adult males, in the same family, and also females and offspring, which may reach up to thirty.
The females usually live together in the same family and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions are very similar to packs of wolves or dogs — animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a complete athlete, tiger can climb trees (though not very well), swim, jump far and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same genus (Panthera), as lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats are the only ones who have the ability to roar.
Tiger roar is not like a full-throated roar of a lion, but more like a babbling of unintelligible words.
Orcas love to eat small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will hunt for monkeys, snakes, lizards and birds. Almost all animals, on which the orca hunts, are much smaller than him.
Scientists believe that otters follow animals and find food by smell, tracking its movement on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable move.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than that in which they were previously.
This new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes, compared to those that it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population is not different from what it was before — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
Over time, as the new population adapts to a new environment, it begins to look less and less like the rest of the population.
Over time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two populations will look so different that it will be impossible to say that it is the same species.
We call this process the formation of species, which is the essential and very important part of evolution.
Plants produce oxygen, which the human breathes, and absorb carbon dioxide, which the human exhales.
Plants feed on the sun by photosynthesis. They also cast shadows.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. Most of our food is plants. Without plants, animals couldn't survive.
Mosaic was the most powerful predator of its time, so it didn't fear anyone but other mosaics.
His long jaws were filled with more than 70 sharp teeth, as well as a set of additional on the tongue, so that those who met him on his path, there was no salvation.
We do not know for sure, but it is possible that his language was doubled. He ate turtles, large fish, other мозазавры, and could be a cannibal
He also attacked everything that entered the water; even the giant dinosaur, such as Tyrannosaurus, could not compare with him.
Although most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their own strange and unusual dishes served at banquets. For example, the deer, the parrot, the snails and such a type of rodent as the
There was another difference: while the poor people and women ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have joint banquets, during which they ate, lying on their sides.
The Roman diet was not designed to include foods that were brought to Europe from America or Asia in the following centuries.
In particular, they did not have any corn, tomatoes, or potatoes, and no ancient Roman did try beef.
Babylonians built each god a main temple, considered to be the dwelling of the god.
People sacrificed to gods, and priests tried to please the gods at ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had an open temple courtyard and a sacred precinct, which could only be entered by priests.
Sometimes as elements of the temple were built special towers in the form of pyramids called "Ziggurats".
The top of the tower was a particularly sacred place for the god.
In the warm climate of the Middle East, the house did not have any special significance.
The majority of the Jewish family's life was spent outdoors.
Women were preparing in the yard; shops were open shelves, which were going out on the street. For the construction of houses was used stone.
On the land of the Canaanites there were no great forests, so the wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In Scandinavian sagas, it is said that Eric the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder and, advancing further west, he opened Greenland and gave it
Unless it was opened, there were already inhabitants of the Eskimos.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you watched the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you can think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence was a map of treasure.
But that's not true. Although something is written on the back of the document, that's not a treasure map.
On the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence, it reads: "This Declaration of Independence was signed July 4, 1776." The document was written on the bottom and upside down." #
Although no one knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that at the beginning of its existence this large parchment document (size 293⁄4 by 241⁄2 inches) was folded for easier storage
Thus, it is quite likely that the recording was added simply as a note.
In the aftermath of Operation Neptune and subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated, but the south of France was still not liberated.
He was under the control of "Vichy" Frenchmen. These Frenchmen, signed a peace with the Germans in 1940 and worked together with the invaders instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded southern France. The invasion was named "Operation Dragoon
In just two weeks, the Free French forces and the Americans liberated southern France and headed for Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the carriers of which are a relatively large number of people living and working together, society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, meaning "citizen", and civitas, meaning "city" or "city-state". It also
Cities-states are precursors of nations. Civilizational culture implies the transmission of knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable diffusion.
Small cultures often disappear, leaving no historical evidence, and so cannot be recognized as authentic civilizations.
In the War of Independence, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no authority to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial authority, it relied on the powers of the states, which often refused to cooperate and did not enforce its acts.
He also did not have the authority to suspend state tax laws and tariffs.
To amend the bill, all states must agree unanimously, but the states have so irresponsibly neglected the central government, that their representatives often did not attend
Italian football team, along with German, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the FIFA World Cup.
The most popular sports include football, basketball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, roller sports, ice hockey, roller hockey and Formula One.
Winter sports are most popular in northern regions. Italians from these regions take part in international competitions and Olympics.
In Japan, approximately 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hokkaido), which makes Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Because of its geographical location, Japan is often referred to as an archipelago.
Taiwan takes its origins back many years ago, when European sailors, passing by, recorded the name of the island as Ilha Formosa, or "beautiful island
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company establishes a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of native methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their rice
In 1683, the forces of the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885 declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire." #
In 1895, after the defeat in the Japanese-Chinese war (1894-1895), the Zhongguo government signed the Sino-Seikou treaty, which ceded Taiwan to Japan, which ruled
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three Windows Room.
Most of the buildings on the edge of the complex were reconstructed to give tourists a more accurate picture of how they looked originally.
In 1976, the restoration of 30% of Machu Picchu was completed. The works are still ongoing and today.
For example, the most common format for static photos — 35 mm, and this was the dominant size of film on the decline of the analog era.
Today, it is still produced, but more important is that the ratio of the size of the images of digital cameras.
35mm format is a bit confusing, it has a width of 36 mm and height of 24 mm.
The aspect ratio of this format (divided into twelve, to get a ratio with small whole numbers) is therefore taken as 3:2.
Many common formats (for example the APS family of formats) are close or even approach these proportions.
Too often used and often mocked rule of thirds — it's a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while preserving a certain amount of order in
It says that the best way to place the main object on the intersection of lines dividing the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see. Example
In this period of European history, the Catholic church, becoming rich and powerful, was the object of intense scrutiny.
On more than thousand years Christianity united European countries despite differences in languages and traditions.
Her omnipresent power touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church's money exists for this purpose.
The center of church authority was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and so a concentration of power and wealth led to many doubting whether this dogma was being observed.
In the immediate aftermath of the war Britain set up a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated all-around international laws, laid down in several international agreements over the past two centuries." #
Britain has deployed mines in international waters to prevent ships from entering whole sectors of the oceans, putting at risk even neutral ships.
Because the reaction to this tactic was cautious, Germany expected such a reaction on its unhindered underwater military operations.
In the majority of the people and nations in the 1920s, there were such feelings as pacifism and isolation.
The horrors and atrocities of the First World War, countries wanted to avoid such a situation in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States, and accepted a position at the company Edison in New York City.
He came to the United States with four cents in his pocket, with a poem by Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison.
In ancient China, they used a unique way of denoting periods of time; each stage of China or each family, which was in power, was a special dynasty.
In addition, between dynasties there was a fragmentation and instability. The most famous period of the Three Kingdoms was 60 years during the dynasties of Han and Qin.
This period had been the time of many bloody battles between many noblemen fighting for the throne.
The Three Kingdoms period was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient China. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in the great hall in the city of Xi'an.
There are many such social and political effects, such as the use of imperial system, the transition from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, and not
Also after the Revolution opened the opportunities for work opened to all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because the ranks were based on qualities, not on the origin.
French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics, not related to the worldly life. He often visited the cave, which became known as "Hira" on the mountain "Nur" (
The cave which is still preserved to us gives us a vivid picture of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
Ghar is located on the top of the mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to find even if you know about its existence.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above your head and a multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world.
Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that is still standing today.
The Great Pyramid was built by the Egyptians in the third century BC and is one of many large pyramidal structures built to honor the Pharaoh.
Giza Plateau, or the Giza Necropolis, in Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (including the Great Pyramid of Giza), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
Great Pyramid was built in honor of Pharaoh Haps, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honor of his wives and relatives.
Sign of the motion of the screw up looks like V, and the motion of the screw down looks like a square or a circle without a bottom.
Up" means that you must start with the tip and move the brush forward, and "down" means that you must start with the place where your hand holds the brush and move it back.
The upward motion of the nut usually produces a softer sound, while the downward motion produces a more powerful and forceful sound.
You can draw your own stroke, but remember that the stroke is printed for musical reasons, and it usually should be followed.
On October 6, 1789, angry crowd of women from the market forced the return of the King of France, Marie Antoinette, their two small children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King, Madame Elisabeth
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
People crowded the King and Queen wide open windows.
At some point one of the participants of this mob waved his hand at the king's guard, killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified queen.
Military expenditures of American imperialism on the conquest of the Philippines paid for themselves by the Filipinos.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large part of the expenses and interest on the bonds, transferred by the Philippine government through banks in Wall Street.
Of course, the profits, brought about by the long-term operation of the Filipinos, were the main income of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, you need to understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The era in which these events took place is called the High Middle Ages, a period of European history that spans the 11th, 12th and 13th centuries (1000–1300 AD
High Middle Ages replaced previously Middle Ages and preceded late Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500
Technological determinism is a term that encompasses a wide range of practical and theoretical ideas, from technological progress or technological imperative to strict point of view that fates people are driven by the underlying logic of science and its
Most views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technologies on society is determined by their own properties, not
For example, it could be said that the automobile is the necessary cause of the development of roads.
However, the national road network is economically unprofitable only for a small group of cars, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of ownership.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in road accidents, which leads to the invention of new methods of treating the injuries received on the roads.
Romanticism in many ways included cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of romanticism, geography formed people, and with the passage of time, there were associated with it customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of this society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws
Like Paris is the capital of fashion of the modern world, so Constantinople was considered the capital of fashion during the feudal Europe.
His fame as a centre of luxury spread about 400 years ago and continued until about 1100 AD.
His status was lowered during the 12th century mainly because of the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than those offered on the Byzantine markets." #
At this moment and the title of the Capital of Fashion passed from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak in the period between X–XI and XIV centuries.
First, clothing was under strong influence of Byzantine culture on the east.
However, due to slow channels of communication, Western styles may lag by 25-30 years.
Own styles began to develop in Western Europe at the end of the Middle Ages. One of the biggest achievements of that time, thanks to the Crusades, was the use of buttons for faste
Natural agriculture is agriculture that is conducted to produce enough food for the needs of the farmer and his/her family.
Natural agriculture is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture, using seeds of plants that grow in the given ecosystem, together with the use of rotational grazing and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, it has been so that most farmers were engaged in agriculture for the purpose of sustenance, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Subcultures unite people who feel oppressed by society, and allow such people to define for themselves, who they are.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of people from which it consists.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual, may be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Some subcultures often claim to be part of a certain culture through a certain and symbolic use of style, including through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to illustrate several unfortunate cases when children due to insufficient attention, unfortunate circumstances or deliberate cruelty did not contact with adults during their adulthood.
Those children are called "wild" or "wild." Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such an abandonment of their child was due to the rejection of parents his serious
Children who live on the streets, may have suffered from severe forms of violence or trauma before escaping or being abandoned.
Others, as is alleged, were raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild.
If he is fully trained by animals instead of people, a wild child displays the same behaviors (in the physical limits) that are practically the same as those of the particular animal that raised him — for example, his fear or indifferen
In contrast, the project-based learning should be simpler and more interesting, but scaffolding is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of help to those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be either virtual, or real. In other words, the teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Screwy in Microsoft Office.
Virtual skaffling, helping in learning, embedded in software and designed to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, which may be too difficult for the learner to cope alone.
Children are transferred under the care of many different reasons: from abandonment to cruelty and even extortion.
Children should not grow up in a situation where they are not provided with education, care and education, but grow up.
We think the foster care system is safe for children.
Our system of care should provide safe housing, loving guardians, stable education and reliable health care.
Parental education should provide all the needs, which were lacking in the home, from which they were previously taken.
Internet combines elements of mass and interpersonal communication.
The unique features of the Internet lead to additional scales from the perspective of approach to use and satisfaction.
So, it is suggested that "learning" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al.,
Personal involvement" and "long-term contacts" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to web sites
Video recording led to important discoveries in the interpretation of microexpressions — movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that one can determine whether a person is lying by correctly interpreting his microexpressions.
In the article "The President's Speech", Oliver Sacks described how people with damaged brains are unable to understand speech, but still can correctly assess the sincerity
According to his theory, such abilities may be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
Research conducted in the twentieth century showed that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation introduces a new genetic variant, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variants.
Segregation and recombination with each generation swap out the variations between two pools.
In the savanna, the animals with such digestive systems as that of humans, are difficult to satisfy their nutritional needs by means of the available plant resources.
In addition, failure to do this will lead to such serious consequences as slowing growth, starvation and, ultimately, death.
The most accessible vegetable resources would be proteins found in leaves and beans, but they are poorly absorbed by such baits as we are, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, animal-based food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also a rich source of proteins, containing all the essential amino acids.
Taking into account all the above, it is not surprising that our ancestors decided "protein problem" approximately the same way, as it is solved by chimpanzees in the savan
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional waking during the normal sleep and repeated waking through a short period (10–60 minutes).
This can be easily done by using a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and yet not completely wake you up.
If you find that you resetting your alarm while you re asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room, which will force you to get up and turn it off." #
Other options that are based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of liquid (for example, water or tea, known as a diuretic) before bedtime, which forces the person to get up to urinate
The amount of internal peace of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
As the voltage is lower, the more positive energy you have in you. Everyone has the potential to attain absolute peace and joy.
Everyone can achieve enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of that is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but was enriched by the Mahayana path of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The Tibetan Buddhist principle is very simple. It consists of the practice of kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Kriya yoga (kundalini energy) is awakened through postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualization.
The heart of Tibetan meditation is Yoga of Gods. By visualizing various gods, cleanse the energetic channels, open the chakras and achieve enlightenment consciousness.
Germany was a common enemy in World War II, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, disagreements about the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and the Cold War began.
She had to endure for the next 40 years. In it fought truly, using indirect armies, on the battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places in the world.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defences had already been breached, and the only hope was retreat and reorganization along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete almost overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet Red Army soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga peace agreement, the Soviet-Polish pact of non-aggression, and other international
The use of ships for transporting goods is, of course, the most effective way of transporting a large number of people and goods through oceans.
Working people traditionally consists in the ability to move people and goods, and at the same time preventing the enemy to move people and goods.
One of the most notable recent examples of this was a company in the North Atlantic during World War II. Americans tried to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, German naval fleet, using mainly their submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition had failed, Germany, probably, could have won Britain as well as other countries of Europe.
Cows, apparently, were domesticated about 10 000 years ago in the Zagros mountains.
Ancient cultures and tribes began leaving them to have milk, wool, meat and skin.
Homesteading is a way of life that involves the raising of livestock on a large scale. It is a way of life that is still practiced in many parts of the world today.
The roads for carts were built in England in the XVI century.
Although mule-drawn roads were only laid parallel to the logs, they gave horses the opportunity to carry more bulky loads and with a higher speed than on slightly more bumpy roads at the time.
Shovels were first used quite a long time ago to hold the rails in place. However, it was soon apparent that the tracks were more effective when laid with iron on top.
This is a common practice, but iron caused more wear on wooden wheels of wagons.
Over time wooden wheels were replaced by iron ones. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transportation was walking, people began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means straight-backed man).
For their ancestors, australopithecines, walking upright was not as common as it is for us.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can start living more caring about the environment. We can become members of the environmental movement and even be activists to at least a little ease the suffering of the future.
Usually, it's like treating the symptoms. If we need not just a temporary solution, but we need to find the root of the problem and solve it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed greatly due to the scientific and technological progress of mankind, and due to the overpopulation and excessive lifestyle of people, the problems became
After the House of Representatives passed the 4th of July, signed by the chairman John Hancock and secretary Charles Thompson, the manuscript was sent to the printing shop of John Dunlap
In one night, 150–200 copies were made known as "Dunlap leaflets.
The first public reading of this document was made by John Nixon in the front yard of Independence Hall on July 8,
6 July one copy sent to George Washington, who 9 July ordered it read before his troops in New York. A copy arrived in London 10 August.
25 leaflets of Danleap, known today, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Today many paleontologists believe that one of the dinosaur groups survived and lived to our days. We call them birds.
They are often not considered dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there is still much to say about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and teeth, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like T-Rex.
Every computer that is used today is based on information processing, which is encoded in binary form.
Double number can have only one of two values, that is 0 or 1. These numbers are called "binary digits" — or "bits", if you use computer jargon
It may be difficult to immediately identify a stomach poisoning. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best sign of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medicine or toxic household chemical substance.
Read the label, where are given special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this particular poison.
The term "spider" is used formally by entomologists to refer to a group of insects.
This concept comes from the ancient times of bed bugs – insects that are well adapted to parasitism on man.
And the bloodsuckers and bed bugs are egg-laying species, adapted to life in the nest or dwelling of their host.
In the United States, approximately 400 thousand cases of sporadic, which makes the sporadic, the main neurological disease of youth and middle-a
Dizziness is a disease that affects the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the eye nerve.
Research has shown that there are more women than men suffering from the disease of the macula.
Parents may decide that raising a child is not in their best interests or the best interests of their child.
These couples can choose to create a plan for adoption for their child.
When adopting or adopting a biological parents refuse to their parental rights in order to another couple could take the child.
The main goal of science is to find out how the world works, by applying scientific method. This method is the basis of most scientific research.
However, it is not the only way. Scientific research also relies on experimentation (experimentation is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and observing
Naturalist and philosophers focused their attention on anti-Christian texts and especially on the Latin Bible.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, were accepted views of Aristotle.
As knowledge of Greek language deteriorated, the West was cut off from its philosophical and scientific Greek roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behavior are often in large part dependent on the presence of endogenous cycles and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not just a response to external periodic stimuli, are registered by most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous cycles for a period of time even without external stimuli.
Hersch and Chase were one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
The Hershey's Kisses with Chase implanted their DNA into a bacteria with the help of phages, which is, in other words, viruses.
They performed two experiments, labeling radioactive phosphorus DNA phage and radioactive cesium protein phage.
Mutations can cause a large number of different results, depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the affected segment of the genetic material and whether or not the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germline can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Natural tourism is interesting for those who love to travel to the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In addition to active recreation on the site – hunting, fishing, bird watching, photographing, observing birds, visiting parks and learning about the ecosystem.
An example could be visiting, photographing and studying orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in rural areas to go to their place of work, and by their way pass those who are their place of work is located in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement, each in one way or another is connected with the personal car system, and supports it.
At the moment, science shows that the enormous fossil fuel economy has affected one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported human evolution for the last two million years.
Everyone is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
In developed countries you rarely hear such complaints about water quality or falling bridges.
Why do transport systems get so many complaints, why they are constantly broken down? Is it because the transport engineers are incompetent? Or there are more fundamental reasons?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out in the framework of the study of traffic flows.
It is unfortunately difficult to study the intensity of traffic, because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver.
Fortunately, drivers' behavior is often quite consistent; therefore, traffic flows in general have a certain consistency and can be approximated mathematically.
To better represent the transport flow, were established relationships between three main variables: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
The relationship help in planning, designing and operating railway facilities.
Bees were the first animals to fly. Their ability to fly helped them to escape from enemies, find food and mates.
Most insects have the ability to fold their wings along their bodies, which gives them an advantage.
It provides them with more hiding places, where they can hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, the name of Aristarchus said that the Solar system revolves around the Sun.
Many people thought he was right, but many believed in the opposite: that the Solar System revolves around Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars
It seems reasonable to us because we do not feel that the Earth is moving, do you not?
Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first in terms of volume. It carries more than eight times more water than the second largest river.
Amazonian is also the widest river on Earth, width of which sometimes reaches six miles.
About 20 percent of the water, which flows from rivers on our planet to the oceans, flows from the Amazon.
Main river of Amazon has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids of the ancient kingdom continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids in Giza never surpassed.
In the new kingdom of ancient Egypt, they were amazed by the monuments created by their predecessors more than a thousand years ago.
Population of the Vatican City is about 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, and also the country with the smallest population.
In the Vatican use Italian language in legislation and official communications.
Italian language is also a common language for most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholic.
People from ancient times were well aware of the main chemical elements, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature in pure form and relatively easy to extract with primitive tools.
Aristotle believed that everything consists of a mixture of one or more of four elements. It was earth, water, air and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, although he also assumed that they transition into a new state, to get what we see.
Smelts are basically mixture of two or more metals. Do not forget that in the periodic table there are many elements.
These elements, such as calcium and potassium, are considered metals. Of course, there are also such metals as silver and gold.
Also, you can make such alloys that contain a small amount of such nonmetallic elements as carbon.
Everything in the universe consists of matter. All matter consists of minuscule particles, called atoms.
Atoms are so incredibly small, that trillions of them can fit into the end of this sentence.
So, the pencil became a good friend for many people when it appeared.
It's sad that when new ways of writing appeared, pencil lost its former status and it was less used.
Now people write messages on screens of computers, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
You can only guess what will happen with the keyboard, with the appearance of more new technologies.
Atomic bomb works on the principle that for a lot of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary to have
Approximately like towing a heavy cart up a hill. Then re-splitting the nucleus releases some of this energy.
Some atoms have a non-stable nucleus, which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence.
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the cortex is about 70 km under oceans and 100 km under continents.
She is thinner under the moon's sea and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side, there may be more moon oceans, because the crust is thinner there. The waves were easier
Content theories focus on the search for what makes people act or may be of interest.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate inside during their development.
This theory looks at what drives people to do what they do, and what their surroundings forces them to do or not do.
Two popular theories of content — is "Pyramid of needs" and "Two-factor theory of motivation Gerzberg.
In general, can manifest two types of behavior when managers start to lead people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum – trying to remain "his or her own man" (or woman).
Those managers are difficult to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate results of work, distribute responsibilities and attract employees to responsibility.
On the other end of the spectrum, the person becomes an unrecognizable individual, who seems to have to change everything that the team did, and take it over.
In the end, the leader is ultimately responsible for the success or failure of the team.
This behavior often leads to conflicts between leaders and other team members.
Virtual teams follow the same standards of skill as regular teams, but there are small differences.
Virtual members of the team often perform the role of a point of contact for their direct physical group.
They are usually more independent than traditional team members, because their teams can meet in different time zones, which can not always understand local management.
The presence of a "hidden team" (Larson and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also unique to the virtual team.
The invisible team is a team of leaders that reports to each member.
Why organizations should go through the tedious process of creating self-learning organizations? One of the goals of using self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively used in all functional departments of the organization, creativity and ingenuity may be manifested.
In the end, a united effort of the organization to overcome a barrier can lead to a new innovative process that will be in the interests of the customer.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge exchange and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the "Continuum" approach as a method used to help organizations achieve higher levels of efficiency.
Neurological data provide physical evidence for a theoretical approach to studying consciousness. This narrows the field of study, and it becomes much more accurate.
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is being used by researchers in their studies.
It is well known that various types of brain damage, injuries, traumas and tumors affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
New technologies allow us to see and explore unseen structures and processes of the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for creating and simulating models that help us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although AI is often associated with science fiction, it forms a very important area of computer science, which is studying the behavior and learning of machines and "infusing" them with intelligence
AI research includes the creation of machines for automating tasks requiring intelligent behavior.
Here are some examples that you can mention: control, planning and creating schedule, reaction to diagnoses and questions of the client, as well as recognizing face, handwriting and voice.
Like questions are divided into separate disciplines, the goal of which is to solve problems that we encounter in everyday life.
In the present time, AI is often used in economics, medicine, engineering and military fields, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Study tours are very important for any class. Often teachers want to take their students there, where buses cannot go.
Technology offers a solution by means of virtual tours. Students can visit museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art sitting with their class.
Exhibiting an excursion in virtual space for all to see is also a great way to refresh your memory of the excursion and to share your learned knowledge with future classes.
For example, every year students at Bennett High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of their state, and each year that site is updated, but access to the old versions is still available — they serve as
Blogs can also improve students' writing skills. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, it usually changes because of the presence of an audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the blogger begins to strive for perfection in his or her writing in order to avoid criticism.
Also, by blogging, "students are inspired to be smart and interesting, attracting readers (Toto, 2004).
Bloggership is an instrument that stimulates cooperation, and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
Useful blogs can give students the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet materials students can determine their position in the context of other students' works, and also to express their own views on specific questions (Oravek, 2002
Ottawa is a charming bilingual capital of Canada with a huge number of art galleries and museums, opening the past and present of Canada.
The next to the south is Niagara Falls, and the north is the domain of untouched natural beauty Muskoka and its surrounding areas.
All of this and much more makes Ontario something truly Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
Big areas further north are rarely populated, and some of them – almost uninhabited wilderness.
Astonishing comparison of the population: in the United States more black Americans than citizens in Canada.
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean near the eastern coast of Africa.
Madagascar is much more than other and is a unique continent in that respect of wild nature.
Most of the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and known as beautiful beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it was established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
The spread of European influence and colonization began in the 14th century, when Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama discovered the way through the Cape of Good Hope from Europe to India.
Northern region is limited by Sahel, and on the south and west by the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists should be able to say that they are married, regardless of their actual marital status.
Also useful to wear a ring (not too expensive on appearance).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may make them feel that they are being harassed, women are often pursued, grabbed by the hand and so on.
Hardly ever give up on men and don't fear standing on your own (this is not acceptable regardless of cultural differences!).
Modern city of Casablanca was founded by Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroe as a strategic port, called Anfa.
Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the name of the town was changed to the name of the river, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
King Mohammed VI of Morocco reconstructed the city of Ed-Dār-el-Beida, and Spanish traders, who created here trading bases, named it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all Morocco.
In the old medina, you can find places where you can buy traditional Moroccan products such as tajines, pottery, leather goods, cigarettes and a whole range of other things, but all this
Gao – is a tourist town on the eastern border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was destroyed by a volcanic eruption that buried underneath it the main streets of the city, especially the central part.
Goma is a relatively safe place, but it is always a good idea to check the information about any trips outside Goma, to understand the state of the fighting in the North Kivu province.
This city is also the starting point for the ascent of the volcano Niragongo, and you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can go to Goma on a boda-boda (motorbike taxi). The normal (local) price is 500 congolese francs for a short ride.
Because of its relatively remoteness, "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for exotic faraway land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and in it there is an airport.
In 1990, he was added to the list of world heritage sites under threat from sand dunes in the desert.
One of the most important stops in the series of programs about African wonders was made here.
This city is very different from other cities in the country, because it is dominated by the Arabic character, not the African one.
Kruger National Park is located in the north-east of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique on the east, with Zimbabwe on the north, its southern
The park is 19 500 km2; it has 14 different ecosystems, each of which is a habitat for different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, this park has a daily fee for its protection and visitation.
Also may be profitable to buy Wild Card, which allows to visit national parks of South Africa or selectively, or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named after the island of Hong Kong, a place that many tourists consider the main object of their attention.
The line of buildings, forming the horizon of Hong Kong, are compared to a shimmering column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria H
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, you need to leave the island and head to the coast of the Tsuen Wan peninsula, which is opposite
The most developed urban areas of the island of Hong Kong are concentrated on the land taken from the sea on the northern shore.
This is a place that British colonists took over, and if you are looking for evidence of colonial past territory, this is a good place to start." #
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt extending from the shoreline to 80 km (50 miles) into the interior of the country in Bangladesh and
Sunderbans was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park Sunderbans." #
These forests are not just mangrove swamps — they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sudan occupies an area of 3850 sq. km, of which about three-quarters is covered by water or swamps.
Sundaram is a wildlife sanctuary since 1966, and according to the latest count, there are 400 Bengal tigers and about 30 000 red deer in the area.
Buses depart from the inter-district bus station (on the river) throughout the day, although most, especially those heading to the east and to Jakar/Bumtang, leave at 0
Because inter-district buses are often overcrowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket for a few days in advance.
Most of the districts are served by small Japanese buses Coaster, comfortable and reliable.
Bus is a fast and convenient way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 ngultrum) and Punakha (200 ngultrum).
Oyapock Bridge is a suspension bridge. It spans the Oyapock River and connects the cities of Oyapock in Brazil and Saint-Georges-de-l'Oyapock
The two towers reach 83 meters high, and the bridge has a length of 378 meters and has two lanes of width 3.5 meters.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011 and it was not opened for traffic until March 2017
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational in September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guariní were the most significant indigenous group, living in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters, who
Chaco region served as a home for different groups of local tribes, for example for the Guaycura and Paguaya, they survived by hunting, gathering and fishing
In the XVI century Paraguay, which previously was called "the vast province of the East Indies", was formed by the collision of Spanish conquistadors with local indigenous groups
The Spaniards began the colonization period that lasted three centuries.
From the beginning of the establishment of Asuncion in 1537 Paraguay has mostly been able to preserve its own distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is known for having one of the best teams in the world in such a sport as polo.
The biggest tournament of the year takes place in December on polo fields in Las Canoas.
Less-than-large tournaments and matches can also be seen in another time of the year.
To learn about the polo matches and where to buy tickets for them, visit the website of the Argentine polo association.
Official currency of the Falkland Islands is the Falkland Islands Pound (FKP), which is equivalent to the value of one British Pound Sterling (GBP)." #
Money can be exchanged in one bank on these islands, which is located on Port Stanley opposite FIC West.
Usually, British pounds will be accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley also often accept credit cards and U.S. dollars.
On remote islands credit cards may not be accepted, although British and American currencies may be accepted; clarify with owners which payment method is acceptable.
The Falkland Islands' currency is almost impossible to exchange outside the islands, so exchange your money before you leave.
Because Montevideo is located to the south of the equator, there is summer in the Northern hemisphere, and winter in the Southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is located in the tropics. In summer months the temperature of the air is above +30°C is a common occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: the temperature rarely falls below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather compared to what the thermometer shows.
There is no particularly "wet" and "dry" seasons: the amount of precipitation is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are used to seeing people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals!
It doesn't matter how subdued they look, bears, wolves, and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year hundreds of visitors get injured because they don't respect their personal space. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or wearing with you smelly food, and maintain clean camp.
Apia – capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 inhabitants." #
Apia was founded in the 1850s and became the official capital of Samoa in 1959.
The harbor was the site of a tragic naval confrontation in 1889, when seven ships from Germany, the United States and Britain refused to
All ships sank, except one British cruiser. Died about 200 American and German sailors.
In the struggle for independence, organized by the movement Mau, peaceful assembly in the city led to the killing of the supreme leader Tupou Te'
There are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three district
North Shore beaches (in the vicinity of North-Harbor) are lined with the Pacific Ocean and stretch from Long Beach on the north
Most of these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded by such trees as baobabs.
In the central part of Auckland, where the bay of Wātimata is located, there are prestigious residential suburbs of Mill Bay and St Heliers, which are located
Sometimes crowded family beaches with a good choice of shops, located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is "Manta".
There are many French wines that you can drink, but New Zealand and Australian wines can better be transported.
Local water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have any concerns, it's not difficult to find and bottled water.
Australians are not sure about the idea of "flat white". "The little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream (
Hot chocolate meets Belgian standards. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a great quality.
On the reef, year-round, there are many trips and injuries caused by any of these reasons on the reef, which are rare.
Although follow the instructions of the authorities, obey all signs and pay attention to warnings about safety.
Cabomeduse meets near beaches and river mouths north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be found outside this period.
Sharks are real, but rarely attack people. Most sharks are afraid of people and flee.
Crocodiles don't live in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers north of Rockhampton.
Pre-booking allows the traveler not to worry about where to stay when arriving at the destination.
Travel agents often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book through a travel agent and other forms of lodging, such as camping sites.
Travel agents usually sell packages of offers, which include breakfast, transfer to/from the airport or even combined packages, including flight and accommodation in a hotel
In addition, they can keep the reservation, if you need time to think about the offer or other documents for the destination (for example, visas).
Any changes or requests should be sent to the hotel first, not directly to the agency.
Some music festivals, the overwhelming majority of participants stay overnight on the festival site, and most of them consider it an essential part of the program.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to come in advance to find a place for camping near the music.
Remember that even if the main stages, may already be over, on the festival may be areas where music will continue playing until late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, learn about the location of the cabin, because ice passage leads to quite a frightening noise, which can disturb the most sensitive people.
Cruises in St. Petersburg include city tours. Passengers of cruises are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
The casinos usually make every effort to make visitors spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. The exits are sometimes difficult to find.
In them usually offers special food, drinks and entertainment, so that guests stayed in good mood and did not leave the establishment.
Some casinos offer free alcohol. However, it makes you drunk, and all good players know how important it is to stay sober.
Everyone who is going to travel in high-mountain areas or on mountain passes should take into account the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On the icy and snowy road, friction is low, and you will not be able to drive as well as on the normal pavement.
In the snowy weather enough snow to get stuck, can fall in a very short time.
Visibility may also be limited due to snow, sleet, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and traffic continues year-round almost without breaks.
Safari is probably the biggest attraction for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term "safari" in everyday use means a trip to see the breathtaking wildlife of Africa, especially in the savanna.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach machines, so that with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lions, elephants and leopards sometimes are cautious, and you should look at them better through a binocular.
Walking safari (also known as "field research", "hiking safari" or "walking tour") consists of a walk lasting for several hours to several days.
Paralympic Games will be held from August 24 to September 5, 2021.
Tokyo will be the only city in Asia that twice hosted summer Olympic games. The first games were held here in 1964.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced to be moved, you may have a difficult situation.
Order cancellation rules may vary, but at the end of March most rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020 when the Olympic Games were planned.
Expected that most of the tickets will cost from 2,500 to 130 thousand yen, with a standard ticket price of about 7 thousand yen.
Drying clothes helps it dry. Many hotels provide a iron and ironing board, even if they are not in the room.
If you don't have a iron or you don't like the idea of wearing clean socks, you can try a hair dryer, if it'
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperature (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different ways to clean water, some of them more effective against specific threats.
Some places need to boil water for a few minutes, others will need a few minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you're not sure, you should think about buying water in sealed bottles and from a reputable company
Travelers can meet with animals that they have never seen in their native habitats.
Pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergies, release toxins or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which may cause damage or death to a person, are usually not considered pests.
Shopping "duty-free" – it is an opportunity to buy in certain points goods without taxes and duties.
Travelers heading to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a significant amount, especially on such items as alcohol and tobacco.
The stretch between Pointe-Marie and Fermon has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated forest and mountainous terrain." #
If you're not used to driving on country roads, be on your guard: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
The speed limits are much lower than on previous and subsequent sections — usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) — and strict adherence to them is even more important than
However, as you might have guessed, mobile phone reception here is much better than on many other sections of the route, for example in Pennsylvania, where the Wilds.
German bakery is quite good. In Bavaria it is very abundant and diverse and looks like baking from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruitcake is popular all year round, cake with apples – round the year, and cherries and plums appear in the summer.
In German cakes often use almonds, walnuts and other wood nuts. In many popular cakes are combined with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling sweet pastry, try what, depending on region, is called donuts or pancakes with filling.
Carry — a dish made of herbs and spices combined with meat or vegetables.
Depending on the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "moist".
In the internal regions of Pakistan and North India, curry is used in a lot of ways. In the South India and some regions of the coastal subcontinent, coconut
Indonesian cuisine, having 17 000 islands to choose from, is a general term applied to a wide variety of regional cuisines that are found throughout the country.
Without any further clarification, this term is usually understood to refer to food originating from the central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
Yavanese cuisine, widely spread throughout the archipelago, includes a variety of simple spiced dishes. The most preference is given to such flavorings as peanuts, chili, sugar (especially the yavanese coconut sugar) and various aromati
Horses' stirrups are the legs of the rider, hanging from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the horse with better stability, but they can be safety issues, because there is a possibility of getting stuck foot.
If a horse has dropped its rider, but his foot has stuck in the stirrup, the running horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take certain precautions.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a heel, having a smooth and fairly thin sole.
In addition, the English saddles are equipped with protective rings, which allow the leather saddle to fall off, if it is pulled back by the falling rider.
Cima Cochabama – the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a lot of big granite walls and cliffs.
On top you can enjoy breathtaking mountain scenery. Climbers from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Skiing is the main tourist attraction for many skiers (sometimes called "ski bums"), who plan their entire vacation around skiing in a particular place.
The idea of skiing is very old: ancient rock drawings depicting skiers date back to 5000 BC!
Skiing as a sport has at least its origins in the XVII century, and in 1861 the first ski club was opened in Australia.
Skiing is a form of tourism that involves hiking on skis.
This is related, but usually does not include hiking up the peak and then descending down unprepared slopes, because skiing on the plain requires more rigid skis and boots.
Imagine that skiing route is a pedestrian route.
If you have good conditions you can go farther than walking, but you can only run at a very rare occasion, when you don't have a heavy pack and there is a trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but it has many independent countries. In normal circumstances, traveling through many countries would mean needing to apply for a visa and multiple passport controls.
The Schengen area in this regard functions as a single country.
Being in this area, you usually can cross the border, without going through again through passport control.
In addition, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa to each of the countries of the Schengen area separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define items over 100 years old as an antique.
This concept has geographic variants, in which the age limit in such places as North America can be less than in Europe.
Handicrafts can be defined as antiques, despite the fact that they are younger than mass-produced products.
Sheep farming is an important source of livelihood for the Sami people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this is a tradition, not all the representatives of the Sami people engaged in the mass rearing of reindeer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities using reindeer mainly as a sled animals." #
Today many people are engaged in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region Lapland.
Although the word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations associated with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Gypsy people.
If a country you are planning to visit is advised to be avoided, this may affect your medical insurance during your trip or your trip cancellation insurance.
Maybe you should also consult with other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their citizens.
Here is an example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East can face situations that cannot be faced by Europeans or Arabs.
In the news reports only briefly described the political situation in one country.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified compared to the widely available more detailed information.
Unfavourable weather conditions are a generic term for any dangerous weather phenomenon that can cause any damage, cause serious social upheaval or lead to human casualties." #
Unfavorable weather conditions are everywhere in the world, and they are of different types, depending on geography, the terrain and the weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rain and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather phenomena such as hurricanes, tornadoes, thunderstorm
Regional and seasonal hazardous weather phenomena include snowstorms, snow and dust storms.
Travelers are strongly advised to take into account any risks associated with the harsh weather in their area, as they may affect any plans for travel.
Everyone planning to visit a country that may be considered a military zone should undergo professional training.
Searching the Internet for the phrase "safety in hostile environment", you may find a local company.
In the course of the course, usually much more detailed are discussed all the touched here topics, often with practice.
The course usually lasts for 2 to 5 days and includes playing situations, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines, where survival in the wild is described, are often found, but there are few publications about combat zones.
People planning to undergo gender reassignment surgery abroad should ensure that they have valid documents for return.
Readiness of government to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents, updated with the desired name and sex, in different places is different.
The readiness of foreign governments to fulfill their obligations under the document is so very different.
Checkpoints at checkpoints also became much more strictly after the events of September 11, 2001
Transgender people who are preparing for surgery should not expect that they can pass through scanners and their private lives and dignity will not be affected.
Tide current — a wave that breaks against a shore, or sometimes against a reef or something similar.
Reverse flow concentrated in several deeper sections, where it can form a fast flow that goes to a larger depth, due to such underwater topology.
The majority of deaths occur due to exhaustion attempting to return to the current against it, which may be impossible.
When you leave the current, it will be easier to return to the stream.
Try to go there where you will not be caught again, or, depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may want to wait for rescue.
Shock to return home earlier than cultural shock (here is a shorter romantic period), lasts longer and can be more difficult.
Travelers who easily adapt to a new culture sometimes find it especially difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you come back home after living abroad, you adapted to a new culture and lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, treated you with patience and understanding, knowing that travelers need to adapt to a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding is necessary to travelers who have returned home.
Sound and light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this region for children.
Pyramids can be seen in the dark, and you can also see them in silence before the show.
Usually always hear noise from tourists and sellers. The sound and light history is like a book with stories.
The Sphinx is the backdrop and narrator of a long story.
Scenes show on the pyramids, and different pyramids are lit.
South Shetland Islands are claimed by several countries. There are more bases on these islands than any other place in the world in 2020. In 2020, sixteen of them were active
The archipelago is located 120 km from the peninsula. The largest island is named after King George with the settlement of Villa-las-Estrellas.
Others include the island of Lifngston and Deepsea, where the active crater of a still-active volcano is a spectacular natural harbor.
Elsewhere on Earth — an area of the Antarctic Peninsula, fringed by the sea of Bellingshausen
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain range called Eluthera, divided by the Minnessota Icefield into
Northern part, that is, on the summit of the Sentinel, are the highest mountains of Antarctica — the massif Winson, the highest point of which reaches 4892 m
In remote areas outside the coverage area of mobile phones, satellite phones may be your only option.
In general, a satellite phone is not a replacement for a mobile phone, because you need to be outside in the direct line of sight with the satellite, to call.
Service is widely used in maritime transport, including sightseeing and fast boats, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communication.
In most cases, you will be able to get additional information about the connection of this service, contact your local telecommunications operator.
The more popular variant for those who plan to take a year off, is to travel and learn.
This is especially popular among high school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before entering university, not putting their education at risk.
In many cases, the admission to any course abroad during the academic vacation may actually increase your chances of admission to higher educational institutions in your home country.
In general, when you apply for such educational programs, you will be charged for tuition.
Finland is a great place for boating. In "land of thousand lakes" there are thousands of islands in lakes and in archipelagoes.
Exploring archipelagos or visiting lakes, you can quite easily do without a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can accommodate any boat, smaller boats or even kayak leave a completely different impression.
Sailing is a national pastime in Finland. For example, on one or two people per boat there is one boat.
An analogous situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is from one to forty).
Most Baltic cruises include extended stay in Russian Saint Petersburg.
This means that you can spend several full days in this historical city, and then return to the ship.
If you go to the beach only on a tour boat, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
Some cruise brochures show Berlin, Germany. As you can see on the map on the top, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
Traveling by plane can be scary for anyone of any age and social status, especially if it's his first flight or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It's not worth being ashamed of: it's not different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are present in many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear, which arises from unknown or inability to control the process.
Delivery services are paid well for fast delivery. Sometimes the speed of delivery of commercial documents, goods or spare parts for urgent repairs is very important.
Some routes have their own aircraft for larger companies, but for other routes and smaller companies with this was a problem.
If they sent anything as an air cargo, then some of the routes could take several days.
The only way to get a better understanding of it is to send it as registered baggage. The airline's rules do not allow you to send baggage without a passenger, so you have to
The most obvious way to fly in the first or business class is to pay for it (or better yet, force your company to pay for you).
But this is not cheap at all — in rough approximation you will pay four times more for business and eleven times more for first class!
In general, there is no sense even to look for discounts on business class or first class for direct flights from A to B.
Airlines know that there is a certain main group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot for the privilege of quickly and comfortably get somewhere, so they charge a corresponding fee.
The capital of Moldova is Chișinău. The local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely spoken.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state, which has become the victim of ethnic conflict.
In 1994 this conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed eastern Moldovan republic, which has its own government and currency, but is not recognized by any state-member of the
Although the failure of political negotiations, economic ties between these two parts of Moldova were restored.
Main religion in Moldova is Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3.7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transport hub.
The once ancient city of Smyrna today is a modern, developed and lively trade center, located along a vast bay and surrounded by mountains.
Large boulevards, glass facades modern shopping centers interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, a market of the 17th century, old mosques and churches, although the city and has more atmosphere of Mediterranean Europe than traditional
From the village Haldorsvik opens a view on the nearby island Estura, also in it is located an unusual octagonal church.
Some of the graves have interesting marble sculptures of birds.
It's worth spending half an hour and strolling through an unusual village.
Compared to the north, there is a romantic and charming city of Sintra, praised by Lord Byron and later known all over the world.
Scotturb No 403 runs regular buses to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
North visit also great Fatima's Church (tomb) — place of world famous occurrences of the Virgin Mary.
Please remember that you, in principle, are on a place of brother's grave, as well as a place that is unimaginably important for a considerable percentage of the inhabitants of the earth.
There are still many men and women who survived their stay here, but there are also more people whose relatives were killed here or worked here until death, whether Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, seriousness and respect it deserves. Don't joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Don't vandalize this place, painting or scratching graffiti on objects around.
Official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most signs are only indicated in Catalan, because it is the official language of the law.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The ordinary announcements in the metro are made only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced by an automatic system on a variety of languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be egocentric, rude and arrogant.
Let's say it's just a false stereotype, but the best way to succeed in Paris is to act like a "bien élevé" (well-bred) person. This will make it much easier to adapt in this city.
The unfriendly exterior of Paris will vanish, just as quickly, if you show a little politeness.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is heavily forested, mainly oaks, elms and pines, and is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
Because of the diversity of microclimates, different soils and altitudes in it is represented in particular wide variety of plant communities.
The area is rich in a variety of animals and birds.
Here you can meet rare species of animals, for example, European brown bear, wolf, owl, fox, raven, fox, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
Women should not visit monasteries in skirts below the knees and covered shoulders.
In most monasteries, women are given the habit if they come without it, but if you bring your own, especially brightly colored, monk or nun will smile at you.
In addition, men should wear trousers that cover the knees.
They can be taken at the entrance, but this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size fits all men!
Kitchen of Majorca, as well as kitchens of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (particularly pork), with widespread use of olive oil.
Simple and popular dish for lunch, especially in summer, is Pa-ambol: bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any having filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, meaning You, always write with a capital letter even in the middle of the sentence.
It is important to distinguish verbs and adverbs.
It is also likely to simplify reading, while the letter is a bit complicated because it is necessary to determine whether the verb or adjective is in the subjunctive form.
Pronunciation in Italian is relatively simple, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
It is important to pay attention to the letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
And don't forget, r and rr pronounced differently: caro means "dear", and carro means "cart.
In Persian, the language is relatively easy and mostly regular grammar.
So reading this Persian grammar book will help you learn new and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you have a Roman group language, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish language, can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and it can be not learned separately.
Ancient observatories are usually considered to be outdated and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution during their flowering was not as big a problem as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to get to, than those built in the present day." #
Most modern astronomical telescopes are huge structures in remote places with favorable weather conditions.
Sakura viewing, called "hanami", has entered Japanese culture since the 8th century.
This idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan, the first celebrations of the cherry blossoms were held only for the imperial court and other members of the aristocracy under the imperial court.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't succumb to temptation to take one.
Visiting the official garden collection will also lead to the expulsion without any conversation.
Singapore is generally a safe place to travel, and almost everything can be purchased once you arrive.
But, being in the "tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to deal with both heat (always), and strong sun (rarely).
Also there are several buses heading north to Hebron — legendary place of burial of the biblical patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, and their
Make sure that the bus you are going to sit in, is heading to Hevron, and not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba.
Inland waterways can be a good topic for any celebration.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise on the Danube, or a boat trip on the Canal de l'
They also define the paths for popular pedestrian and cycling routes.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and non-Christians throughout the world.
There is a tradition to spend Easter night, not sleeping, in some open place, to see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has Christian theological explanation, but it could be a pagan spring ritual and fertility.
More traditional churches often hold Easter services on Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, with the congregation usually starting at midnight celebrating the resurrection of Christ.
All animals that originally arrived on these islands, reached here by boat, by plane or by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals could not get to the place, making the giant tortoise the main carnivorous animal on the Galapago
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos islands, many mammals have been brought, including cattle, horses, cows, cats and dogs
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctic winter, you will learn that is the polar night, when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all the time.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese culture of work is more hierarchical and formal than that which is familiar to Westerners.
Coats are standard business attire, and colleagues address each other by their first names or by their titles." #
It is extremely important to have harmony at work place, and group work is valued above individual achievements.
Often, employees must obtain permission from their supervisor before taking any decisions and must obey their supervisor's orders
