Now we have four-month-old mice, who don't have diabetes anymore.
According to the warning of Dr. Ehud Ur, Professor of Medicine at Dalhousie University in Halifax (Nova Scotia) and Chairman of Clinical and Scientific Department of Canadian Diabetes Association, the studies are still in their early stage.
As with many other experts, he doubts that diabetes can be cured, noting that these discoveries do not apply to people with type 1 diabetes already developed.
On Monday, the Swedish Academy's permanent secretary, Sara Danius, announced during a radio broadcast that the committee that failed to contact Bob Dylan directly and inform him that he won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016 had stopped trying to contact him.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Ring CEO Jamie Sinofsky said the company started with him not hearing the doorbell in his garage.
He said he created a doorbell that works from WiFi.
Siminoff said that sales increased after his appearance in the show "Shark Tank" in 2013 where the judges refused to fund his startup.
In the end of 2017 Siminoff appeared on the trade channel QVC.
Along with that Ring has settled the court case with its competitors, the security firm ADT Corporation.
While there was an experimental vaccine that could reduce the mortality rate from Ebola virus, so far no drug has shown any effect in treating the existing infection.
The cocktail of antibodies ZMapp initially showed promising results in this area, but the official studies showed that it had less benefit in preventing death than was anticipated.
In the PALM study, ZMapp served as a control, so the researchers used it as a baseline and compared it with three other treatment options.
The United States Gymnastics Federation supports the letter of the US Olympic Committee and agrees that it is absolutely necessary to create a safe environment for all our athletes.
We agree with the statement by the USOC that the interests of our athletes, clubs, and their sports, are best served by reforming our organization rather than cancelling its certification.
USA Gymnastics supports an independent investigation that would be able to shine a light on how such a large scale violence, so brazenly described by the surviving victims of Larry Nassar, could have continued unabated for so long and supports all the necessary and appropriate changes in this case
The US Gymnastics Federation and the US Olympic Committee share the same goal: to make gymnastics and other sports as safe as possible for athletes, so that they can pursue their goals in a positive and safe environment and be afforded all the rights.
In the 1960s, Brzezinski was a senior adviser to John F. Kennedy, then in the administration of Lyndon B. Johnson.
In 1976, he was Carter's National Security Adviser. In 1977, he became Carter's National Security Adviser, replacing Henry Kissinger.
As a national security adviser, he helped Carter in world diplomacy, for example, in the Camp David Accords of 1978, the normalization of Sino-American relations in the late 1970s, the formulation of Carter's foreign policy towards the Iranian Revolution, which led to the crisis with hostages in 1979, and the
This film with Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone has received nominations in all major categories.
Gosling and Stone received nominations for the best actor and actress respectively.
In addition to the other nominations: "Best Picture", "Director", "Operator", "Clothing Design", "Film Editing", "Clothing Design", "Original Music", "Sound Design", "Original Score", "Art Direction", "Sound" and "Original Screenplay.
Two songs from the film – Audition (The Fools Who Dream) and City of Stars, were nominated for the best original song. Studio Lionsgate was nominated in 26 categories – more than any other studio.
President Donald Trump said on Saturday that the United States would withdraw its troops from Syria, a decision that would be made by the end of the year.
The statement was made after Trump had a telephone conversation with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
In addition, Turkey will play a leading role in the issue of detaining the captured fighters of Daesh, which, according to the statement, European countries did not agree to return home.
It also confirms that at least some dinosaurs had feathers, which is already widely accepted theory, but also provides details that are usually not available from fossil remains, such as color and three-dimensional structure.
Scientists say that the feathers of this bird were dark brown above, and pale below, or had a carotenoid pigmentation.
The find also allows you to get acquainted with the evolution of feathers in birds.
Because the feathers of dinosaurs lack a well-developed ridge, called rhaxis, but still have other distinctive features - bristles and bristles - researchers concluded that rhaxis, probably, evolved later by evolution of other distinctive features.
The structure of the feathers suggests that they were not used for flight, but rather for temperature regulation and display. The researchers (...)
Researchers have suggested that despite the fact that this tail is the tail of a young dinosaur, this sample has feathers of an adult, not feathers of a chick.
On Wednesday morning, a car bomb exploded near the main police station in Gaziantep, Turkey, killing 2 police officers and injuring more than 20 people.
The Governor's Office reported that 19 of the wounded were police officers.
Police said that the suspected terrorist of the Islamic State (ISIS).
They found that the Sun works on the same basic principles as other stars: it was established that the activity of all stars in the system is determined by their brightness, rotation, and nothing else.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The smaller the number of Rossby, the less active the star is in respect of reversals of the magnetic field.
Yavasaki often got into unpleasant situations during the trip.
He was robbed by pirates, attacked by a mad dog in Tibet, escaped from a wedding in Nepal and was arrested in India.
Standard 802.11n works on both frequencies - 2,4 GHz and 5 GHz.
This will ensure backward compatibility with 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the base station has a dual receiver.
The speeds of 802.11n significantly faster than its predecessors with the maximum theoretical throughput of 600 Mbit / s.
Duval, who is married and has two grown-up children, did not impress Miller, who had heard this story.
When asked to comment, Mike said: "I'm a talker, so I'm prepared to listen to what he's saying.
We will take steps to significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions per unit of GDP by 2020 compared to 2005 levels," said Hu.
He did not give a figure for budget cuts, saying that they would be made on the basis of the Chinese economy's productivity.
Hu called for developing countries to "avoid the old system, in which first pollute, and then clean.
He added that "they should not be asked to assume obligations that go beyond their stage of development, responsibility and capabilities.
Today at 12:00 GMT the Iraq Study Group presented its report.
He warns: "No one can guarantee that any plan of action in Iraq in the current situation will stop religious violence, growing violence or the impending chaos.
The report opens with a call for open discussions and consensus in the United States on the Middle East policy.
The report contains sharp criticism of almost every aspect of the current government’s policy towards Iraq and a strong call for immediate change of course.
The first among 78 recommendations is that it is necessary to implement a new diplomatic initiative by the end of this year to strengthen the Iraqi borders, to prevent hostile intervention, and to resume diplomatic relations with neighbors.
The current Senator and First Lady of Argentina Cristina Fernández de Kirchner announced her candidacy for president yesterday evening in La Plata, a city in 50 kilometers (31 miles) from Buenos Aires.
Mrs. Kirchner announced her intention to run for president in the Argentine theater, the same place where she began her campaign for the Senate in 2005 as a member of the delegation of the province of Buenos Aires.
The debate was sparked by disagreement over the amount of money being spent on aid to the victims of Hurricane Katrina and the reconstruction of the buildings.
Liberal criticism focused on the fact that the contracts for the restoration were awarded presumably to those with connections to the government.
More than four million people came to Rome to visit the funeral.
The number present was so large that not all could get to St. Peter's Square where the funerals were taking place.
Large television screens were installed in different parts of the city and were used to watch the ceremony.
Like these platforms, which were visited by a large number of people, were organised in many other cities of Italy and in the rest of the world, in particular in Poland.
Historicists criticize the FBI for spending too much time on cases that are easy to solve, especially on cases of car theft, in order to increase the success rate of the agency.
The Congress began to finance the initiative to fight with pornography in 2005 tax year and decided that the FBI should allocate 10 agents to fight with adult pornography.
Robin Wathappa scored the most runs in an innings: 70 runs in 41 deliveries, blocked 11 fours and 2 sixes.
Beaters of middle level Sachin Tendulkar and Rakhul Dravid performed well and scored in tandem in the hundred mark.
However, after losing the captain's gate, the Indians only completed 36 runs, losing 7 gates for the completion of innings.
President George W. Bush arrived in Singapore on November 16, starting his week-long tour of Asia.
Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, second right, welcomes Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
After the defeats in the mid-term elections, Bush announced the expansion of trade with Asia.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to send the Clean Air Act to the House of Commons for a second reading until the end of the week. This followed a 25-minute meeting with leader of the New Democratic Party Jack Lay
Leighton asked to make changes and "completely rewrite" the Conservative Party's environmental bill.
Since the federal government stepped in and took over the funding of the Mercy Hospital in Devonport (Tasmania), the state government and some members of the federal parliament have criticised this as a ruse in preparation for federal elections that are due to take place in November
However, Prime Minister John Howard said that this was done only to protect the hospital from a reduction in funding by the government of Tasmania by providing additional 45 million Australian dollars.
According to the latest report, the level of the sea indicated the approach of a tsunami. A clear seismic activity was registered near Pago-Pago and Niue.
No reports of serious damage or casualties have been received from Tonga, but power has been temporarily cut off, which, according to preliminary information, did not allow the Tongan authorities to receive a tsunami warning sent by the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC
There are 14 schools in Hawaii, located on the coast or in the hinterland, which were closed on Wednesday, despite the cancellation of the warnings.
President George Bush welcomed this statement.
The spokesman for the Bush administration, Gordon Johndroe, said North Korea’s promise to dismantle its nuclear program was a “major step in the process of denuclearization of the Korean peninsula”.
Cyclone" is a song by American rock band The Doors. It was released as the first single from their second album, Strange Days, in November 1967. The song was written by Jim Morrison and Robby Krieg
According to the National Hurricane Center, Hurricane Jerry is not a threat to land.
US Army Engineers estimate that 6 inches of rain could have broken through damaged levees.
The ninth administrative district, which was flooded to the 20's during Hurricane Catherine, is now knee-deep in water because the levee, which is nearby, was not high enough to hold the water.
The water pours over the dam on a 100 foot stretch.
Adam Kerney expressed his disappointment in the deletion of his conversation with Wikinews in October.
He lied to us from the beginning. First, acting as if it was necessary to do so in legal terms. Secondly, pretending to listen to us until his removal of images.
The public outrage led to the development of a regulation on the content of sexually explicit materials on the site, which hosts millions of media materials with open licenses.
The work was mainly theoretical, but the program was written to simulate the observations of the galaxy in the constellation of the Sword
The effect sought by the team may be caused by the tidal forces between dark matter in the galaxy and dark matter in the Milky Way." #
Like the Moon attracts Earth, causing tides, so does the Milky Way affect the galaxy in Libra.
The scientists have concluded that dark matter affects other dark matter in the same way as it affects ordinary matter.
According to this theory, a significant portion of the dark matter around the galaxy is in the form of an aura and consists of a large number
In the news reports on television, it is reported that white smoke is coming from the factory.
Local authorities warn residents living nearby the station to remain in the rooms, to turn off the air conditioners and not drink tap water.
According to the Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency of Japan, the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was found to have radioactive cesium and i
The authorities believe that this indicates a possible leak and a rupture in the containers containing the uranium fuel.
In the KwaZulu-Natal region of South Africa, Dr. Tony Moll has discovered a highly resistant form of tuberculosis (XDR-TB).
In an interview he said that the new strain "causes very great concern, because it leads to very high mortality.
Some patients could get infected in the hospital, thinks Dr. Moll, and at least two were health care workers in the hospital.
In one year, an infected person can infect up to 10 to 15 people by close contact.
However, the proportion of people with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in a whole group of patients with TB is still low; 6000 of 330 000 infected in the current time in South Africa.
The satellites were each heavier than 1 000 pounds and moved at a speed of approximately 17,500 miles per hour. They collided at a height of 491 miles above the surface of the Earth.
The scientists say that the explosion was very powerful.
They are still trying to determine how big the collision was and how much damage Earth will suffer.
The US Defense Department is looking for the remains of the plane.
Results of analysis graphs will be published on an open web site.
The indictment against the doctor will be filed after the autopsy of her mother, who was found dead in the trunk of her car in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, on Wednesday, the authorities in Ohio said.
Dr. Malabar Balasubramanian, 29 years old, found in Blue Ash (Ohio), suburb of about 15 miles north of Cincinnati. He lay on the ground next to the road in a t-shirt and underwear and, apparently, in a state
She sent officers to her black Oldsmobile Intrigue, which was 500 feet away.
They found the body of 53-year-old Saroj Balasubramanian, covered with bloody blankets.
The police said that the body, I think, was there for about a day.
First cases of disease in this season were reported in July.
Transmitters are swine, from whom the disease is transmitted through mosquitoes, and then to the human being.
This outbreak prompted the Indian government to take such measures as setting traps for swine in seriously affected areas, distributing thousands of mosquito nets and spraying pesticid
The government also promised to provide several million doses of vaccine against encephalitis, which will help prepare the health institutions for the next year.
Plans to deliver vaccines in the most affected areas this year were postponed due to lack of funds and low priority compared to other diseases.
In 1956 Slan moved to Sweden where three years later he started working for Swedish Postal Company, and became their main engraver.
He has created more than 1,000 brands for Sweden and 28 other countries.
His works are so well known for their quality and detail, that he is one of the few "nicknames" among philatelists. Some specialize only in collecting
His magnificent thousand-mark of 2000 is reproduced by the "Great Deeds of the Swedish Kings" by David-Cleekr Erich, it is entered into the Guinness Book of
In addition, he was engaged in the engraving of banknotes for many countries. Recent examples of his works are portraits of the prime minister on the front of new banknotes of Canada,
After the accident Gibson was taken to the hospital, but soon died.
64-year-old truck driver in the accident did not suffer.
The car was removed from the scene of the accident the same day at approximately 12 noon GMT.
A man working in the garage near the place where the accident happened said: "There were children standing there waiting to cross the road. They were screaming and crying.
Everyone ran away from the place where the accident happened.
Other issues on the agenda in Bali include the preservation of remaining forests and the exchange of technology to help developing countries with lower environmental impact.
The United Nations hopes to complete the creation of a fund to help countries affected by global warming, to fight its consequences.
These funds can go towards building houses that are resistant to floods, wise use of water resources and diversification of agricultural crops.
Flux wrote that attempts to force women to speak about women's health were unsuccessful.
She came to this conclusion because of numerous positive comments and support she received from both women and men, who said that contraceptives should be considered as a medical necessity.
When the fight stopped, after the wounded were taken to hospital, about 40 detainees remained in the yard and refused to return to their cells.
The negotiators tried to correct the situation, but the demands of the prisoners are not clear.
At 10:00 pm in the mountain time prisoners set fire to the yard.
In a short time, the guards in protective gear marched into the yard and locked the prisoners in the corner, using tear gas.
The fire was extinguished by the fire brigade at 23:35.
After the dam was built in 1963, the seasonal floods that spread the deposits stopped.
This sediment was required for formation of beaches and sandy shores, which were the habitat of wild animals.
This led to the extinction of two kinds of fish, and two other, including the toothed pike, were put at risk of extinction.
Despite the fact that the water level will rise only a few feet, the authorities hope that this will be enough to restore the washed-out sandbanks below the stream.
There were no tsunami warnings and according to the Jakarta Geophysical Agency, there will not be, because the magnitude of the earthquake was not reached 6.5.
Despite the lack of tsunami threat, the residents began panicking and leaving their offices and homes.
Although she was ready to cry during the farewell, she gave a clear indication to her fans that she would return.
This will not be a farewell. This is the closing of one chapter and the opening of a new one.
The final results of the presidential and parliamentary elections in Namibia showed that the incumbent president, Hfikepunye Pohamba, was re-elected with a
The ruling party of the Organization of the Peoples of Southern Africa (SWAPO) also retained a majority in the parliamentary elections.
Coalition and Afghan forces have moved to the area to protect the object and another aircraft has been sent to provide support.
The fall occurred in the highlands, and it is believed that it was caused by enemy fire.
The search for the crash site is hampered by bad weather and a difficult terrain.
The World Health Organization, Doctors Without Borders and Mangola have declared this the most severe outbreak in the country's history.
Richard Virman, the representative of the international medical humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders, said: "Angola is going through its worst crisis in the last ten years
The matches began at 10:00 in a beautiful weather, and if not for the drizzling morning rain, which quickly passed, it was an ideal day for rugby-7.
The South Africans started the tournament with a winning note, when they won a beautiful victory over Zambia, which is currently in fifth place.
Looking clearly worse in the game against their southern sisters, South Africa gradually improved their performance during the tournament.
They were distinguished by disciplined defense, mastery of the ball and superior teamwork, and it was clear that it would be difficult to beat this team.
Officials from the Amsterdam authorities and the Anne Frank House say the tree is infected with a fungus and poses a public health risk because there is a direct threat of its
His plan was to be felled on Tuesday, but the court ruling was that it could be saved.
The diameter of all the entrances to the cave, which were named "Seven Sisters", is not less than 100 meters (328 feet).
According to infrared images of the differences in night and day temperatures, it is likely that it is caves.
At noon they are colder than the surface of the earth, and at night they are warmer.
Their thermal properties are not as stable as those of large caves on Earth, which often maintain a constant temperature, but they are in line with deep caves, which are in line with the ground, said Glenn Kuehneman of the US Geological Survey and the University of Arizona, located in Flagstaff, Arizona.
Voting in France is traditionally conducted low-tech methods: the voter closes himself in a booth and places a pre-printed sheet of paper, indicating the candidate he wishes to vote for, in the envelope.
After that he places the envelope into the ballot box and signs in the voters register.
French laws on elections are quite strict in their classification of procedures.
From 1988 onwards, the ballot boxes shall be transparent so that voters and observers can be sure that there are no envelopes inside and that they have not added any other envelopes other than those of those people who were allowed to vote and whose votes were counted properly.
Candidates may send representatives to observe the whole process. At night, the votes are counted by volunteers under strict medical supervision according to a special procedure.
The Eee PC series, previously presented in all over the world with an orientation on such factors as cost savings and functionality, became a hot topic during the month of information technology in Taipei in 2007.
But the consumer market of laptops will change drastically after the awarding of ASUS Taiwan for stability by the People’s Republic of China in 2007" #
Site describes station as "traditional radio theater with a new and shocking vision!".
The first period of its existence, this show was broadcast only on the website of a long-existing online radio TogiNet Radio, dedicated to radio conversations
The end of 2015 TogiNet created AstroNet Radio as a subsidiary radio station.
The show was originally acted by amateurs from the eastern part of Texas.
According to reports, mass looting continued all night, because there were no police officers on the streets of Bishkek.
Bishkek was described by one observer as being in a state of anarchic chaos, as groups of people ran through the streets and robbed shops with consumer
Some part of the people of Bishkek accused the protesters from the south of being illegitimate.
South Africa won the "All Blacks" (New Zealand) in the match of the three Nations Cup of rugby union at the Royal Bafokeng Stadium in
The final score was one point, 21 to 20, which ended the winning streak of All Blacks in 15 games.
For "Spingbox" this ended a five-game losing streak.
This match was the last for the "All Blacks", who won the cup two weeks ago.
The final match of the season will be played in Ellis Park in Johannesburg next week, when the Springboks will play Australia.
A moderate earthquake occurred in Monday in the western part of the state of Montana at 22:08.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The epicenter of the earthquake was approximately 20km (15 miles) north-east of Dilloun and about 65km (40 miles) south-east of
The French government confirmed on Monday that a dead wild duck found in a marsh near the city of Leon in the eastern region of France had been infected with the H5N
France is the seventh country in the European Union to be affected by this virus, after Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The cases of suspicion of H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark remain unconfirmed.
Cumbers filed a lawsuit against God for "spreading death, destruction and fear of millions and millions of people on Earth.
The Anglican theologian William Wilberforce, who was the first to bring forward the idea of a civil lawsuit, said that his suit was "a very serious matter" and
The story told by Camille Saint-Saens in the French opera tells about a painter, "whose life is controlled by love to drugs and to Japan.
In the end, the actors smoke marijuana on stage, and the theatre encourages the audience to join.
Former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, Texas Governor Rick Perry and Congressman Michael Bachmann took the fourth, fifth and sixth places respectively.
After the results were announced, Gingrich praised Santorum, but he was very rude about Romney, who was the one who was broadcasting negative information against Gingrich.
Perry said he would return to Texas, "to evaluate the results of today's party convention and determine whether or not I should continue the race," but later said he would continue the race and will participate in the primary elections in South Carolina on January 21.
Bashman, who won in the August poll in Ames, decided to end her campaign.
The photographer was taken to a medical center at the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center, where he later died.
According to reports, he was 20 to 30 years old. Bieber said: "While I was not present at the tragic incident and was not directly involved in it, my thoughts and prayers are with the family of the victim.
Entertainment-news website TMZ believes that the photographer stopped his car on the opposite side of Sepulveda Boulevard and tried to take pictures of the stop by the police, before he crossed the street and continued. The California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the traffic twice had to order him to
According to police, the driver of the car that hit the photographer is most likely not to be charged with any criminal charges.
Considering that the medals could be won only in eighteen, several countries were unable to be on the podium.
They include the Netherlands with Anna-Lena Johaug, who finished ninth in the women's super-G yesterday, and Finland with Kaisa Saarijarvi, who finished 10th in the same race.
Australian Mitchell Gurley came to the finish line eleventh in the men's super-G competition for standing. Czech Oleg Elynek came to the finish line sixteenth in the men's standing super-G
Arlie Velasquez from Mexico finished fifteenth among men in super giant in sitting position. New Zealander Adam Hall finished ninth among men in standing position.
Paek Chung-Soo of South Korea finished twelfth in the super giant men's standings with a visual impairment. South Korean skier Anna Ogarninska finished twenty-fourth in the super giant men
UN peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti after the 2010 earthquake are accused of spreading a disease that began nearby their military camp.
According to the complaint, the UN waste dumps did not meet proper sanitary conditions, resulting in the bacteria entering the Artibonite River, one of the largest in Haiti.
The arrival of the troops of the state of Haiti did not face any problems related to this disease since the beginning of the 19th century.
The Haitian Institute of Justice and Democracy said it had independent evidence that the UN peacekeeping battalion in Haiti had brought disease to Haiti.
Daniel Lantan, UN expert on the disease, said that the outbreak may have been caused by peacekeepers.
Gilmore confirmed that the patient was admitted to the hospital of the University of Harvard in stable condition.
The patient visited Nigeria where several cases of Ebola have been reported.
The protocol of infection control was observed in the hospital, including separate isolation of the patient, to prevent possible infection of other patients.
Before "The Simpsons" Simon worked on several different positions on several different shows.
In the 1980s he worked in such programmes as Taxi, "Funny Company" and "Tressie Ullmann's Show.
In 1989, together with Brooks and Groening, he helped create "SpongeBob SquarePants" and was responsible for the first team of writers for that show
While he left the show in 1993, he remained an executive producer and still received paychecks of tens of millions of dollars.
The Chinese news agency "Xinhua" reported on September 7th that the plane was stolen.
In the aftermath of the bomb threat, the plane was turned back to Afghanistan, landing in Kabul.
In the early reports it is said that the plane returned to Afghanistan after being denied an emergency landing in Urumqi.
Air crashes are a common occurrence in Iran, where the country has aged air fleet, which is poorly maintained for civilian and military operations.
International sanctions have led to the impossibility of buying new airliners.
The previous week, three people were killed and three others were injured in a police helicopter crash.
The worst air disaster in Iran in years occurred in 2009, when a Germanwings plane crashed in Iran, killing 168 people on board.
In the same month another plane crashed outside the runway in Meshed and hit the wall, killing 17 people.
Группа Aerosmith отменила оставшиеся концерты в своем турне.
Rock band was supposed to tour in the U.S. and Canada until 16 September.
They canceled the tour after singer Steve Tyler was injured during a fall during a concert on August 5th.
Murray lost the first set in a tie-break after both men were serving all of their points in the set.
Del Potro had a early advantage in the second set, but it also required a tie-break after reaching 6-6.
At the moment, Potro was given medical care for his shoulder and he was able to return to the game.
The program started at 8:30 pm local time (or 15:00 UTC).
The famous singers from all over the country performed bhajans or songs of devotion at the feet of Sri Shiva.
The evening began singer Sanju Sharma, followed by singer Jha Shankar Chaudhary. He was accompanied by singer Raju Khandelval.
Lakh Singh took the lead in singing bhajans.
The 108 chaappan bhog (in Hinduism — 56 different dishes, including sweets, fruits, nuts and other dishes, presented to the god) were served to
Lakkha Singh performed with him the bhajan. Singer Raju Khandelwal sang with him.
President Nintendo, Satoru Iwata, presented the design of the new Nintendo Revolution game console at the main presentation of the "Tokyo Game Show" in Thursday.
In the controller, which looks like a television remote control, two sensors are located next to the TV user, which calculates its position in three-dimensional space." #
By moving the device in the air, players can control the actions and movements in video games.
Giancarlo Fisichella lost control of his car and finished the race shortly after the start.
His teammate Fernando Alonso was the leader for most of the race, but finished it immediately after the pit stop, probably because of a badly tightened right front wheel.
Michael Schumacher finished the race shortly after Fernando Alonso in the result of damage to the suspension caused by numerous attempts to overtake during the race.
She is very pretty and very well sings," he said, referring to the press conference transcript.
I was completely sincere every time we rehearsed it.
About 3 minutes after the start of the car's fuel tank showed, how many pieces of insulating foam flew from the tank.
However, it is assumed that they did not cause any damage to the rocket.
The head of the NASA’s Space Shuttle program, NASA Administrator Neil Armstrong, Jr., said the foam broke off "after a period of time that we are concerned about.
Five minutes before the show started the wind was getting stronger, minutes later it reached 70 mph, then the rain started falling, people were screaming and bumping into each other.
I lost my sister and her friend, and on my way was two disabled persons in wheelchairs, people just jumped over them and pushed them," said Arman Versace.
NHK also reported that the Kashiwazaki Kariwa nuclear power plant, located in the prefecture of Niigata, was operating in a standard condition.
Hokuriku Electric Power Co. said there were no consequences of the earthquake, and that the reactors No 1 and No 2 on its nuclear power plant "Sika" were stopped.
According to reports, about 9400 homes in the area were without water and about 100 without electricity.
Some roads have been damaged, in the affected areas the railway traffic has been interrupted and the airport in Ishikawa prefecture is still closed.
One of the bombs exploded near the office of the general-governor.
Three more bombs exploded near government buildings in the two hours.
Some reports state that the official number of victims reaches eight people, and official reports confirm that up to 30 people were injured; but final figures are still unknown.
In the samples of urine of animals that died after eating contaminated food for animals, there were found as cianuric acid, as
Researchers at the University of California reported that these two compounds react to form crystals that can block the function of the kidneys
In the observation, the researchers found crystalline formations, occurring in cat urine when adding cyanuric acid and melamine." #
In the infrared Fourier spectroscopy, the composition of these crystals corresponds to those found in the urine of the infected
I don't know whether you realise it or not, but most of the goods from Central America were imported into this country without paying any
Yet, eighty percent of our goods were taxed according to the tariffs in Central America.
It didn’t seem to make sense to me; of course it wasn’t fair.
I speak to people as you treat others.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed a law banning the sale or rental of video games that use violence against minors.
The law requires that computer games with violence sold in the State of California with a sticker on which is written "18", and that the sale of games to minors is punished with a fine of $1,000 for each offence.
Today, the General Prosecutor of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the title-holder of the Royal Advocate, made a statement on the launching of a criminal case against both Hun and Price.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Huyn and Price must appear in the Westminster Magistrates Court on Friday, February 16th.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Earl Vigilla was injured in the hand and jaw, while Christopher Schneider needed reconstructive surgery on the face.
The weapon of the Uki failed when it was pointed at the head of the fifth man. Schneider feels a constant pain, he is blind on one eye, he has missing part of his skull, and his face has been re
Schneider gave testimony via video link from the US AF base in his home country.
In addition to competitions on Wednesday, Carpenter participated in two individual competitions at the World Championships.
Her first competition was the slalom, in which she did not finish the race. 36 of 116 competitors had the same result in that race.
In another race, this time in the giant slalom, she finished tenth among women in the sitting position with combined time 4:41,30. On 1:09,02 minutes slower than the first Austrian Claudia Lech and on 1:09,02 minutes slower than the ninth-placed
Four women in sitting group in the women's elite group did not finish their races, and 45 of 117 skiers in giant slalom did not finish their races.
Police of the state of Madhya Pradesh have returned the stolen laptop and mobile phone.
Assistant General Inspector D. K. Arya said: "We arrested five people raping a Swiss woman and returned her mobile phone and laptop.
The accused have the names of Baba Kandhari, Bhoot Kandhari, Rampro Kandhari and Vishnu Kandhari.
Chief of Police Chandra Shekhar Solanka said the accused were presented before the judges with their faces covered.
Although inside the building at the time of the crash were three people, no one was injured.
But the driver was seriously injured.
The road where the accident occurred was temporarily closed, while emergency services were freeing the driver of the red Audi TT.
It was initially hospitalized at the James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth.
Afterwards he was moved to the hospital Addenbrooke in Cambridge.
The Edinburgh Sheriff Court later indicted Adeke for the murder of her son.
She is in custody awaiting the issuance of her charge and the carrying out of the trial, but any witness statements may be distorted because her popularity was widely used by
It is a common practice in other parts of the UK, but the Scottish justice system works differently, and courts found the publication of photographs as potentially damaging.
Professor Pam Ferguson of Dundee University says that "journalists, I think, are really walking on a dangerous edge, publishing photographs and other information about suspects.
The Royal Prosecution Service, which generally handles the judicial process, said that no further comments would be made, at least until the conviction.
A leaked document will deal with the border dispute between the Palestinians and Israel, which the Palestinians want to establish on the basis of those that existed prior to the start of the Six-Day War
Other topics touched upon include the future status of Jerusalem, which is sacred to both peoples, and the problem of the Jordan valley.
Israel demands a permanent military presence in the valley for ten years after the signing of the agreement, while the PLO agrees to a five-year presence.
The shooters who took part in the additional test on pest control had to be closely watched by rangers, because this test was under the supervision and evaluation of the effectiveness of it.
In the framework of the partnership between NPWS and the NSW Sports Shooters Association (NSSWA) during the NSW Sports Shooters' Hunters' Program, NPWS volunteers were recruited." #
According to Mike O'Flynn, acting director of the Department of Wildlife and National Parks, four hunters selected for the first shooting operation have undergone a comprehensive training and safety briefing.
Yesterday, Marchetti appointed a new Interim Electoral Council (IES), consisting of nine members.
This is the fifth CEP for Marty for four years.
Last month the presidential commission recommended the previous Temporary Electoral Council to resign as part of the package of measures for the country to move to new elections.
The Commission was the response of Martelli to the mass protests against the state regime, which began in October.
These sometimes accompanied by violence protests were caused by the non-conducting of elections, some of which were scheduled to take place in 2011.
About 60 iPods were overheated, resulting in six fires and four people received minor burns.
The Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry of Japan (METI) said that it had been informed of 27 cases related to these devices.
The Ministry of Economics, Labour and Industry on Monday announced that Apple informed it of 34 additional cases of overheating, which it described as "minor.
In response, the MIA called the delay of the report by Apple "very regrettable.
At 7:19 AM local time (21:19 GMT on Friday) a major earthquake occurred in Mariana.
The Emergency Management Agency of Northern Mariana Islands said there were no reports of damage caused by the storm.
Also the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said there were no signs of a tsunami.
Former Philippine police officer stole a tourist bus in Manila, capital of the Philippines, and took hostage Hong Kong tourists.
Rolando Mendoza shot from his M16 rifle at tourists.
At least six of the hostages were rescued, and at least one of them was declared dead at this time.
Six hostages, including children and elderly people, were released earlier, as well as the Filipino photographers.
The photographers took over the position of the old woman, because she had gone to the toilet. Mendoza was shot.
Liggins followed in his father’s footsteps and began his medical career.
He received his medical education and started working in the National Women's Hospital in Auckland in 1959.
When he was working in the hospital, he started to investigate cases of premature birth.
His study showed that if the hormone is administered, it will increase the development of the lungs of the fet
As reported by Xinhua, the State Bureau of Investigation found two flight recorders or black boxes.
Co-workers also paid tribute to the Moon.
That's what Tommi Drimmer said: "The moon became the first Queen of Excitement. She was my first manager. The moon has gone from life in the night of two full moons. It's such an unusual
Dustin "Gladdas" Randall said: "The moon was just as crazy as I was... Possibly even more crazy... I love her and I'll miss her... I hope she's in a better place." #
Of the 1400 people surveyed in advance of federal elections in 2010, the number of those who opposed the idea of Australia becoming a republic rose from 2008 to 8 percent.
Julia Gillard, the acting prime minister, during the federal election campaign in 2010 expressed the opinion that Australia should become a republic after the reign of queen Elizabeth II.
34% of the respondents share this view and want Elizabeth II to be the last monarch of Australia.
The survey showed that 29 percent of respondents are confident that Australia should as soon as possible become a republic, while 31 percent believe that it does not need this form of government.
Olympic gold medallist was due to take part in the 100 and 200m freestyle and in three relays at the Commonwealth Games, but due to his complaints his physical condition is now under scrutiny.
He couldn't take the painkillers, which were necessary for pain relief, because they are banned in the Games.
Kirt Kupper, a computer scientist and professor at Missouri University, 25 January announced the largest known simple number, known to date.
On Tuesday, it was announced that a few people confirmed this discovery by using different hardware and software.
Cosmic comets may have been the source of water delivery to the Earth, as well as the source of organic compounds that may form proteins and support life.
The scientists hope to understand how planets are formed, especially how the Earth was formed, because comets have collided with the Earth very long ago.
53-year-old Kumonosu started his tenure as governor in January and signed a bill legalizing same-sex marriage in the past month.
He called these rumors "political babbling and nonsense.
It is estimated that he will run for President in 2016.
NextGen is a system that, according to the Federal Aviation Administration of the United States, will allow aircraft to fly on reduced routes and save millions of gallons of fuel, and reduce carbon emissions.
It uses satellite technology instead of the old technology based on ground radars which will allow air traffic controllers to more precisely determine the position of aircraft and give pilots more accurate information.
There is no additional transport to Wembley, there are no trains stopping on the ground, apart from that there are no parking and pick-up points.
The fears of not having transport caused the suspicion that the game may have to be played behind closed doors without fans.
In the description of the study published in Thursday's Science, it is said that a new bird species has appeared on the ecuadorian Galapagos Islands.
Researchers from Princeton University (USA) and Uppsala University (Sweden) have reported that due to the mating of the endemic darwin's sparrow (Geospiza fortes) with the transplanted conirostris sparrow (Geospiza conirostris
Gold can be cast into virtually any shape. It can be rolled into very small shapes.
It can be drawn into a thin wire, which can be twisted and braided. It can be made of hammered or twisted strands.
You can make it very thin and attach it to another metal. You can make it so thin that sometimes it was used to decorate hand-painted illustrations in books - the so-called "frontispiece.
This is called the pH of the chemical substance. You can make an indicator by using red cabbage juice.
Cauliflower juice changes color depending on the degree of acidity or alkalinity of the chemical substance.
The pH-value is determined by the concentration of ions of hydrogen (H in pH) of the chemical substance being studied.
The hydrogen ions are protons, which are separated from their electrons (hydrogen atoms are made up of one proton and
Get a new mix, mixing two dry powders in one container, then wet your hands and make a ball out of this mixture." #
The water on your hands will react with the top layer, which will be unusual, then form a protective shell.
In almost every house in the towns of Harappa and Mohenjo-Daro there was a toilet with a flush, connected to
The well-preserved fragments of sewer systems were found in the houses of Minoan cities on the islands of Crete and
The toilets were also in ancient Egypt, Persia and China. In the Roman civilization, toilets sometimes were part of public baths where men and women were washed together
When you call someone thousands of miles away, you use a satellite.
Satellite in space receives a call and almost instantly reflects it back down.
The satellite was launched by a rocket. Scientists use telescopes in space because of the atmosphere's distortion of our light and view.
To launch a satellite or telescope into space, you need a huge rocket with a height of more than 100 feet.
The wheel has changed our world. The most important thing that the wheel has given us, — made us much more light and faster transportation.
It gave us a train, a car and many other transport vehicles.
Under them are more cats of medium size, which eat small prey from rabbits to antelopes and deer.
And finally, many small cats (including roaming domestic cats), eat and hunt on much larger animals, such as insects, rodents, lizards and birds.
The secret of their success lies in the concept of niche, a special work that each cat performs, which keeps it from competition with other.
Lions are the most social cats, living in large groups, which are called prides.
The herd consists of one to three adult males, who are related, as well as females and their offspring, which may reach up to thirty.
The females usually live together in the same family and form a large family of sisters and daughters.
Lions herds behave very much like packs of wolves or dogs - animals that are so similar to lions (but not other large cats) and are also very dangerous for their prey.
Being a complete athlete, the tiger can climb trees (although not very well), swim, jump over long distances and pull with five strong men.
Tiger belongs to the same family (Panthera), that lions, leopards and jaguars. These four cats - the only ones who have the ability to roar.
The tiger's roar is not like the roar of a lion, but more like a word-spouting.
Ocelots love to eat small animals. If an opportunity presents itself, they will catch monkeys, snakes, lizards, and birds. Almost all animals, on which the ocelot hunts, are much smaller than him.
Researchers believe that the otters follow the tracks of animals and find prey by smell, tracking its movements on the ground.
They are able to see in the dark with night vision and almost undetectable move. They stalk prey, blending in with the surroundings, and then attack prey.
When a small group of living organisms (a small population) separates from the main population from which they originated (for example, if they cross a mountain range or river, or if they move to a new island from which they cannot easily return), they often find themselves in a different environment than they were previously in.
This new environment has other resources and other competitors, so the new population will need other characteristics or changes, compared to those it had before, to become a strong competitor.
The original population has not changed much — it still needs the same adaptations as before.
As time goes by, as the new population adapts to the new environment, it will begin to look less and less like the rest of the population.
In time, through thousands or even millions of years, these two species will look so different that it will be impossible to say that they are the same species.
We call this process the formation of new types, which is the essential consequence of evolution and a very significant part of it.
Plants produce oxygen that people breathe and absorb carbon dioxide that people exhale.
Plants feed on the sun by photosynthesis. In addition, they cast a shadow.
We build our houses and make clothes from plants. The vast majority of our food is plants. Without plants, animals would not have survived.
The mosaic was the most fearsome predator of its time, so it did not fear anyone but other mosaics.
His jaws were full of more than 70 sharp teeth, besides a second row on the roof of the mouth, so that those who met him on his way were not saved.
We do not know for sure, but it is not excluded that his tongue was doubled. He ate turtles, large fish, other crustaceans, and he could have
He also attacked all that entered the water; even a giant dinosaur, such as the Tyrannosaurus Rex, could not compare with him.
Although most of their food would be familiar to us, the Romans had their strange and unusual dishes, served at banquets. For example, the boar, the parrot, the snails and such a rodent as a fox.
There was another difference: while the poor people ate sitting on chairs, the rich people liked to have communal feasts, during which they ate, lying on their sides.
The diet of ancient Romans could not include foods that were imported from America or Asia in the following centuries.
In particular, they had no corn, no tomatoes, no potatoes, no cocoa, and no ancient Romans had tasted beef.
The Babylonians built each of the gods a main temple, considered to be the dwelling of the god.
People sacrificed to the gods, and priests tried to please the gods on ceremonies and festivals.
Every temple had a courtyard courtyard and an inner sanctuary, into which the priests could go only.
Often, as elements of the temple, were built special towers in the form of pyramids called ziggurats.
The top of the tower was a special shrine for the god.
In the warm climate of the Near East house had no special significance.
The majority of Jewish family life was spent outdoors.
Women cooked in the courtyard; open stalls were used for shops, which were open to the street. For constructions, stone was used.
There were no great forests in the land of Canaan, so the wood was extremely expensive.
Greenland was sparsely populated. In Scandinavian sagas it is recorded that Erik the Red was expelled from Iceland for murder and that he went on to explore Greenland and give it the name.
But regardless of its discovery, there were already Eskimo tribes living there.
Although each of the countries was Nordic, there were many differences between the people, the rulers, traditions and history of Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you have seen the movie "Treasure of the Nation", you can think that the reverse side of the Declaration of Independence was a map of treasure.
But it is not true. Although something is written on the reverse of the document, it is not a map of the treasure.
The Declaration of Independence reads: "This Declaration of Independence was signed on July 4, 1776." It is written on the bottom of the document and upside down.
Although nobody knows for sure who wrote it, it is known that it was originally folded for easier storage.
In other words, it is quite likely that the note was added just as a note.
In the operation "Neptune" and subsequent battles, the north of France was liberated, but the south of France was not yet liberated.
He was under the control of the Vichy French. These Frenchmen, signed a peace with the Germans in 1940, and worked together with the invaders instead of fighting them.
15 August 1940, the Allies invaded the southern part of France. The invasion was called "Operation Dragoon.
In just two weeks the Free French and the Americans liberated the south of France and went on to Germany.
Civilization is a separate culture, the inhabitants of which are a relatively large number of people, living and working together, a society.
The word "civilization" comes from the Latin word civilis, which means "citizen" and is related to the Latin words civis, which means "citizen", and civitas, which means "city" or "city-state
Cities-States are the precursors of nations. Civilizational culture means the transmission of knowledge through several generations, continuous cultural presence and transferable cultural heritage.
The small cultures often disappear, leaving no historical evidence, and so cannot be considered as authentic civilizations.
In the American War of Independence, thirteen states, in accordance with Articles of Confederation, first formed a weak central government, the only organ of which was the Congress.
The Congress had no authority to impose taxes, and since there was no national executive or judicial power, it relied on the powers of the states, which often refused to cooperate and did not enforce its acts.
He also didn’t have the power to annul the tax legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation legislation
To amend the articles, according to the articles, requires unanimous approval of all states, but the states have so irresponsibly treated the central government that their representatives
The Italian national team, along with Germany, is the second most successful team in the world and in 2006 won the World Cup of FIFA.
Favourite sports include football (soccer), basketball, volleyball, volleyball, water polo, fencing, rugby, cycling, motorsport, ice hockey,
Winter sports are most popular in the northern regions. Residents of Italy from these regions participate in international competitions and Olympics.
In Japan there are about 7000 islands (the largest of which is Hokkaido), making Japan the seventh largest island in the world!
Japan is often called an archipelago with geographical point of view.
The island of Taiwan was named by European sailors, passing by, as Ilha Formosa, or "beautiful island".
In 1624, the Dutch East India Company establishes a base on the south-west of Taiwan, initiating the transformation of indigenous methods of grain production and hiring Chinese workers to work on their
In 1683, the Qing Dynasty (1644-1912) took control of the western and northern coastal areas of Taiwan and in 1885, declared Taiwan a province of the Qing Empire.
The coup was soon suppressed by Yuan Shikai, a Qing general who led the Chinese military in Korea. However, Japan, using the coup as an excuse, signed the Convention of Tientsin with
Machu Picchu consists of three main structures, namely Intihuatana, the Sun Temple and the Three Windows Room.
Most of the buildings along the edge of the complex were rebuilt to give tourists a more accurate idea of how they looked originally.
In 1976 restoration of 30% of Machu Picchu. Works continue and to this day.
For example, the most common format in the world for static photos is 35 mm, and this was the dominant size of film on the decline of the analog era.
It is still made today, but more important is that the ratio of the dimensions of the digital cameras inherited.
The 35-mm format is a bit of a derailment, it has a width of 36 mm and a height of 24 mm.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Many common formats (e.g. the APS family of formats) are close to these proportions.
Too often used and often mocked rule of thirds is a simple recommendation that creates dynamism, while preserving a certain degree of order in the image.
It says that the best place to place the main object is at the intersection of lines dividing the image into three parts vertically and horizontally (see example
In this period of European history, the Catholic Church, which became rich and powerful, became an object of attention.
On more than thousand years Christianity united European countries despite differences in languages and traditions.
Her all-pervading power touched everyone - from the king to the common man.
One of the main Christian principles is that wealth should be used to ease suffering and poverty, and that the church’s money exists to facilitate this purpose.
The center of the Church's authority was based in Rome for more than a thousand years, and this concentration of power and wealth led to the questioning, and did the Church's dogmas really hold
In a few days after the outbreak of hostilities Britain established a naval blockade of Germany.
This strategy has proven its effectiveness, cutting off vital military and civilian supplies, although this blockade violated internationally-agreed-upon laws, which have been in force for two centuries.
Britain has detonated international waters, so that ships can not enter whole sectors of the oceans, putting their lives and danger.
Because the reaction to this tactic was moderate, Germany expected this reaction on its unhindered submarine operations.
In the majority of the people and nations in the 1920s, there were such feelings as pacifism and isolation.
We do not want to be placed in such situations in the future.
In 1884, Tesla moved to the United States of America, and accepted a position at the company Edison in the city of New York.
He came to the USA with four cents in his pocket, a book of poetry and a recommendation letter from Charles Batchelder, who was his boss at the previous job, to Thomas Edison.
The ancients used a unique way of denoting periods of time; each stage of China or each family in power was a particular dynasty.
In addition, between dynasties there was a period of unrest and instability. The most famous period of the Three Kingdoms was 60 years during the Han and Jin dynasties.
In this period there were fierce battles between many noblemen, fighting for the throne.
The period of Three Kingdoms was one of the bloodiest periods in ancient China. Thousands of people died fighting for the throne in the great palace in Xian.
There are many such social and political effects, such as the adoption of a metre system, the shift from absolutism to republicanism, nationalism and the belief that the country belongs to the people, not
Also after the Revolution opened the opportunities for work for all men, which allowed the most ambitious and talented to achieve success.
The same applies to the army, because the ranks are based on qualities, not on the origin of the person.
French Revolution also inspired many other repressed workers in other countries to start their own revolutions.
Muhammad was very interested in topics that did not concern the worldly life. He often visited the cave known as Hira on Mount "Nūr" (light) for contemplation.
The cave which is standing up to nowadays, very vividly gives us a picture of the spiritual aspirations of Muhammad.
The cave is located on the top of a mountain to the north of Mecca and completely isolated from the rest of the world.
It is very difficult to find even to those who know about its existence. In the cave man is isolated from the outside world.
There is nothing but pure beautiful sky above your head and a multitude of surrounding mountains. From the depths of the cave you can see and hear only a very small part of this world.
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the Seven Wonders of the World that still exists today.
The Great Pyramid of Giza was built by the Egyptians in the third century BCE and is one of the many great pyramids built to honor the memory of the Pharaoh.
Pyramid of Giza, or the Necropolis of Giza, in the Egyptian Valley of the Dead, includes several pyramids (of which the Great Pyramid of Giza is the largest), several small tombs, several temples and the Great Sphinx.
Great Pyramid was built in honour of the Pharaoh Haps, and many smaller pyramids, tombs and temples were built in honour of his wives and his relatives.
The movement of the bow up looks like a V, and the movement of the bow down looks like a square without a bottom.
Up" means that you must start with the tip and move the bow forward, and "down" means that you must start with the place where your hand holds the bow and move it back.
The upward motion of the bow produces a softer sound, while the downward motion produces a stronger and more forceful sound.
You can draw your own strokes, but remember that the strokes are printed for musical reasons, and they usually have to be followed.
6 October 1789, angry crowds of women from the market forced the return of the King Louis XVI, Marie Antoinette, their two little children (11-year-old Marie-Thérèse and 4-year-old Louis-Charles) and sister of the King, Madame Elisabeth
They returned to Paris in a carriage surrounded by a crowd of people who shouted threats to the king and queen.
The crowd forced the King and Queen to open the windows wide.
At some point one of the participants in this mob waved his hand in the direction of the royal guard who was killed in Versailles on the eyes of the terrified queen.
The expenditures of American imperialism on the conquest of the Philippines were paid for by the Filipinos themselves.
They were forced to pay taxes to the American colonial regime to pay for the large majority of the expenses and interest on the bonds that were moved by the Philippine government through Wall Street banks." #
Of course, the profits brought by the long exploitation of the Filipinos constituted the main source of American imperialism.
To understand the Templars, you have to understand the context that prompted them to create the order.
The period in which these events took place is called High Middle Ages, the period of European history that covers the XI, XII and XIII centuries (1000–1300 years ago).
High Middle Ages replaced earlier Middle Ages and preceded later Middle Ages, which, according to the accepted view, ended around 1500.
Technological determinism - is a term, covering a wide range of practical and ideas, from technological progress or technological imperative to strict point of view that fates people are driven by the fundamental logic of science and its manifestation in technologies.
Many views on technological determinism share two common ideas: that the direction of technological development is virtually uncontrollable by cultural or political influences and that, in turn, "influence" of technology on society is determined by its own properties,
For example, we could say that the automobile is a necessary cause of the development of roads.
However, the national road network is economically unprofitable for only a small group of vehicles, so new methods of production are being developed to reduce the cost of ownership of a vehicle.
Mass ownership of cars also leads to an increase in the number of accidents on the road, which leads to the invention in the health care of new methods of treatment of the injuries received.
Romanticism was in many ways imbued with cultural determinism, drawn from such writers as Goethe, Fichte and Schlegel.
In the context of Romanticism, geography formed people, and in the course of time, there were associated with it customs and culture, which, in harmony with the place of residence of the society, were better than arbitrarily imposed laws
Like Paris is the capital of fashion of the modern world, so Constantinople was considered the capital of fashion in the times of feudal Europe.
The glory of him as a center of luxury spread around 400 BC and continued until 1100 BC.
His status was reduced mainly due to the Crusaders returning with such gifts as silk and spices, which were more valuable than the goods offered on the Byzantine markets.
At this point and the transfer of the title of the Capital of Fashion from Constantinople to Paris.
Gothic style reached its peak in the period between the X-XI centuries and the XIV century.
At first, clothing was influenced by the Byzantine culture on the east.
But because of slow communication channels, western styles may lag by 25-30 years.
By the end of the Middle Ages, Western Europe had developed its own styles. One of the greatest achievements of that time was the use of buttons to fasten clothes.
Natural agriculture is the agriculture that is conducted to produce enough food for the farmer and his/her family.
Organic farming is a simple, often organic, system of agriculture using seeds of the plants growing in the given ecosystem, together with the use of rotational and other relatively simple methods of increasing yield.
Historically, farmers have been engaged in agriculture for the purpose of sustenance, and this is still the case in many developing countries.
Cultures unite like-minded people who feel marginalized by society and allow them to define themselves.
There are differences between subcultures, due to age, nationality, social status, place of residence and/or sexual orientation of the people from which it consists.
The characteristics that define a subculture as an individual entity can be linguistic, aesthetic, religious, political, sexual, geographical or a combination of factors.
Some of the subcultures often claim to be part of it through a certain style, through fashion, manners and slang.
One of the most common methods used to illustrate the importance of socialization is to illustrate several tragic cases where children were not able to interact with adults during their adulthood.
Those children are called "wild" or "wild". Some wild children were isolated by people (usually their own parents). In some cases, such an abandonment of their child was the result of the rejection of parents for
Children living on the streets, it is possible that they have experienced severe forms of violence or trauma before escaping or being abandoned.
Others are said to have been raised by animals; some of them lived in the wild on their own.
If he is raised entirely by animals instead of people, a wild child displays the same traits (in the physical limits) as the one that raised him — for example, his fear or indifference to people.
As the learning based on projects should be more simple and interesting, spooning is ahead of many technologies.
Scaffling is not a method of teaching, but rather a form of help to those who are going through a new experience of learning, such as using a new computer program or starting a new project.
Scaffling can be as virtual as it is real. In other words, the teacher is a form of scaffling, but also she is the Sticky Note in Microsoft Office.
Virtual scaffolding, which helps in learning, is embedded in the software and intended to remind, explain and ask questions about procedures, which may be too difficult for the learner to cope with on his/her own." #
Children are transferred to the care of many different reasons: from being abandoned to being abused and even extortion.
Children should not grow up in a situation where they are not provided with education, care and education, but they grow.
We believe that the foster care system is safe for children.
Our system of trusteeship should provide safe housing, loving guardians, stable education and reliable healthcare.
Patronage education should provide all the needs, which were not provided in the house, where they were previously taken.
Internet combines the elements of mass and interpersonal communication.
The unique features of the Internet lead to additional scales in terms of approach to use and satisfaction.
There is the idea that "training" and "socialization" are important motivating factors for using the Internet (James et al., 1995
Personal involvement" and "long-term relationships" were also named by Eames and McCord (1998) as new dimensions of motivation when they studied how people react to Web sites
Video recording has led to important discoveries in the interpretation of micro-expressions — movements of the face for a few milliseconds.
In particular, it is claimed that one can determine whether a person is lying by correctly interpreting his microexpressions.
In the article "President’s Speech" Oliver Sacks described how people who are unable to understand speech, but can correctly assess the sincerity of the speaker.
According to his theory, such abilities can be possessed by animals, for example, domestic dogs.
Studies conducted in the twentieth century have shown that there are two types of genetic variation: hidden and expressed.
Mutation introduces a new genetic variation, while selection removes it from the set of manifested variations.
Segregation and recombination with every generation of the two pools of variations.
In the savanna, the mammals with such digestive systems as that of man, are difficult to meet their needs for amino acids by relying on available plant resources.
In addition, failure to meet this will result in such serious consequences as slow growth, malnutrition and, in the end, death.
The most accessible plant resources would be proteins found in leaves and legumes, but they are poorly absorbed by such prey as we are, if they are not prepared.
In contrast, animal-based food (ants, termites, eggs) is not only easy to digest, but also provides a rich source of proteins, containing all the essential amino acids
That being said, it is not surprising that our ancestors decided to "protein problem" in the same way that chimpanzees in the savanna still do today.
Sleep interruption is a process of intentional waking during the normal sleep and subsequent re-sleeping within a short period (10–60 minutes).
This can be done relatively quietly by a relatively quiet alarm clock to wake you up and yet not wake you up completely.
If you find that you’re resetting your alarm clock while you’re asleep, you can put it on the other side of the room so you’ll have to get up to turn
Other options based on biological rhythms include drinking large amounts of water (in particular, water or tea known as a diuretic) before going to bed, which forces you to get up to go to the bathroom.
The amount of inner peace of a person is inversely proportional to the amount of tension in his body and soul.
The lower the tension, the more positive the presence of the Vital Force within you. Each person has the potential to attain absolute peace and a sense of satisfaction.
Everyone can reach enlightenment. The only thing standing in the way of this goal is our own tension and negative attitude.
Tibetan Buddhism is based on the teachings of Buddha, but was enriched with the path of love and many techniques of Indian yoga.
The principle of Tibetan Buddhism is very simple. It consists of Kundalini yoga, meditation and the path of all-embracing love.
Kundalini Energy (kundalini awakening) in Kundalini Yoga is awakened through postures, breathing exercises, mantras and visualizations.
Yoga of the Gods.
Germany was an ally in the Second World War, which led to cooperation between the Soviet Union and the United States. After the war, the differences regarding the system, process and culture led to discord between countries.
Two years after the end of the war, former allies became enemies, and began the Cold War.
She would have to last for the next 40 years. In it, they fought in a real way, using indirect armies, on battlefields from Africa to Asia, in Afghanistan, in Cuba and many other places of the world.
On September 17, 1939, the Polish defence had already been breached, and the only hope was retreat and reorganization along the Romanian front.
However, these plans became obsolete practically overnight, when around 800 000 Soviet Red Army soldiers formed the Belarusian and Ukrainian fronts after the seizure of the Eastern regions of Poland in violation of the Riga peace agreement, the Soviet-Poland Pact of Non-Aggression, and other
The use of ships for the transportation of goods is, of course, the most effective way to transport a large number of people and goods through the oceans.
Work of seafarers is traditionally to provide the ability of the country to move its people and goods, and simultaneously to prevent the enemy from moving its people and goods.
One of the most interesting recent examples of this was the Atlantic Ocean during the Second World War. Americans tried to transport people and materials through the Atlantic Ocean to help Britain.
At the same time, the German naval forces, using mainly their submarines, tried to stop this movement.
If the anti-Hitler coalition had failed, Germany, I think, could have won Britain as well as other European countries.
Cows, it seems, were domesticated about 10 000 years ago in the Zagros Mountains of Iran.
The ancient cultures and tribes left them to have on hand milk, wool, meat, and skin.
In the past, domestic cattle were usually kept in herds that wandered around the hills or other places of pasture, over which often watched the herd-keepers, who were usually children or teenagers. These methods of grazing are still used.
The roads for carts were built in England in the 16th century.
While the wagon roads were merely laid parallel to the logs, they gave horses the opportunity to carry heavier loads and at a faster rate than on slightly more bumpy roads of the time.
Shovels were first used to hold rails in place, but it was soon clear that the tracks were more effective when laid with iron on top.
This is now a common practice, but iron leads to greater wear on wooden wheels of wagons.
In the course of time, the wooden wheels were replaced by iron. In 1767, the first rails were made entirely of iron.
The first known form of transport was walking on one’s feet, people began walking straight two million years ago with the appearance of Homo Erectus (which means a straight man)." #
For their ancestors the australopithecines were not so accustomed to walking erect.
Bipedal specializations are found in the remains of australopithecines from the period of 4,2–3,9 million years ago, although, perhaps, the sahelanthropus walked on
We can begin to live more concerned about the environment. We can become members of the environmental movement and even be activists to help at least a little ease the suffering of the future." #
It usually looks like a temporary solution. If we need a permanent solution, we need to find the root of the problem and remove it.
It is quite obvious that the world has changed dramatically due to the scientific and technological progress of humanity, and due to the overpopulation and the extravagant lifestyle of people, the
After the adoption of the Congress on July 4, a manuscript draft, signed by the chairman of the Congress John Hancock and secretary Charles Thompson, was sent to the printing shop of John
Over the course of the night, 150–200 copies were made known as "Danno's Flyers.
The first public reading of this document was made by John F. Kennedy in the Independence Hall courtyard on July 8, 1972.
June 6 July 1 August 9
25 copies of Dandelion, known to us today, are the oldest surviving copies of the document. The original handwritten copy has not reached us.
Today many paleontologists believe that one of the groups of dinosaurs survived and survived to the present day. We call them birds.
They are often not considered dinosaurs because they have feathers and can fly.
But there is much to be said about birds that still look like dinosaurs.
They have claws and clawed feet, they lay eggs and walk on two hind legs like a tiger.
Almost all computers that are used today are based on the processing of information that is encoded in binary form.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
It may be difficult to diagnose an oral poisoning right away. Such symptoms, such as vomiting, are too general for a quick diagnosis.
The best sign of an internal poisoning is the presence of an open container of medicine or toxic household chemical substance.
Read the label, where are given special instructions for first aid in case of poisoning by this specific poison.
The term ‘bug’ is used by entomologists formally to refer to a group of insects.
The term "bed bug" comes from the famous "unicum" bed bugs - insects that are well adapted to parasitism on the human.
Predators and bed bugs are nest-living species, adapted to life in the nest or the dwelling of their owner.
In the United States, approximately 400 thousand cases of multiple sclerosis (MS) are diagnosed each year, making MS the leading neurological disease among young
Multiple sclerosis is a disease of the central nervous system, consisting of the brain, spinal cord and the retina.
Studies have shown that women are affected about two times more than men.
The couple may decide that raising the child is not in their interests or the interests of the child.
These couples can choose to create the Project Plan for their child.
In the case of adoption or fostering, biological parents refuse to exercise parental rights in order to allow another couple to take the child.
The main goal of science is to find out how the world is arranged, by applying the scientific method. This method is actually the basis of most scientific research.
But he is not the only. Scientific research also are guided by experimentation (experiment is a test used to exclude one or more possible hypotheses), asking questions and conducting observations." #
Naturalist and philosophers have devoted their attention to anti-Christian texts and especially to the Bible in Latin.
In all scientific questions, including psychology, Aristotle's views were taken.
As knowledge of Greek language deteriorated, Western civilization was cut off from its philosophical and scientific roots.
Many of the observed rhythms in physiology and behaviour are largely dependent on the presence of endogenous circadian rhythms and their production by biological clocks.
Periodic rhythms, not simply a response to external periodic stimuli, have been recorded by most living organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants and animals.
Biological clocks are self-sustaining oscillators that will continue to autonomous oscillations for a period of time even without external stimuli.
The experiment of Hershey and Chase was one of the first hypotheses that DNA is genetic material.
Hershey and Chase implanted their DNA into the bacteria with the help of phages, that is, viruses.
They conducted two experiments, labelling radioactive phosphorus DNA of the phage and radioactive iron protein of the phage.
Mutations can produce a wide variety of results depending on the type of mutation, the importance of the mutated segment of the genetic material and whether the mutated cells are embryonic stem cells.
Only mutations in the germ line can be passed on to the next generation, while mutations somewhere else can lead to cell death or cancer.
Nature tourism is interesting for those who like to drive around the countryside, to enjoy the landscape, including wild animals and plants.
In the vicinity of the hotel are popular activities such as hunting, fishing, bird watching, photography and visiting parks.
An example of this is visiting, photographing and studying orangutans in Borneo.
Every morning people leave small towns in the countryside to go to work, and by their side pass those whose place of work is in the place from which they just left.
In this active transport movement each in one way or another is connected with the personal car system and supports it.
At the moment science indicates that the enormous oil economy has influenced one of the stable states of the biosphere, which has supported evolution of mankind for the last two million years.
Each is a member of society and uses transport systems. Almost everyone complains about these systems.
In developed countries, you rarely hear such complaints about the quality of water or falling bridges.
Why are there so many complaints about transport systems? Why do they fail so often? Is it because transport engineers are incompetent? Or is there something more fundamental going on?
The study of individual drivers and vehicles between two points and their interaction with each other is carried out in the framework of the study of traffic flows.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to study the intensity of road traffic because it is not possible to predict the behavior of the driver.
It is fortunate that drivers' behavior is often quite systematic; therefore, traffic flows in general have some systematicity and can be approximated mathematically.
To better represent the flow of traffic, the relationships between the three main variables were established: (1) flow, (2) density and (3) speed.
These relationships help in planning, designing and operating railway objects.
The insects were the first animals to rise into the air. Their ability to fly helped them to find food and partners.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
This provides them with more places to hide from predators.
Spiders and flies are the only insects that cannot fold their wings back.
Thousands of years ago, the man named Aristarch said that the Solar System revolves around the Sun.
Many believed that he was right, but many still believed that the Solar System revolved around the Earth, including the Sun (and even other stars).
It seems reasonable to us, because we do not feel that the Earth is moving, do you not?
The Amazon River is the second longest river in the world and the first in terms of volume. It carries more than eight times more water than the second-largest river.
The Amazon is also the widest river in the world, with its width sometimes reaching six miles.
20 percent of the water that comes from rivers on our planet flows into the Amazon.
The Amazon River has a length of 6387 km (3980 miles). It is fed by thousands of small rivers.
Although the construction of the pyramids of stones continued until the end of the Old Kingdom, the size and technical perfection of the pyramids at Giza has never been surpassed.
In the new kingdom of the ancient Egyptians, they marvelled at the monuments, which they had created more than two thousand years ago.
The population of Vatican City is around 800 people. It is the smallest independent country in the world, as well as the country with the smallest population.
The Vatican uses Italian in legislation and official communications.
Italian is also a common language for most people working in the state, while Latin is often used in religious ceremonies.
All citizens of the Vatican are Catholics.
People have known the basic chemical elements for thousands of years, such as gold, silver and copper, because they can be found in nature at a pure state and relatively easily mined with primitive tools.
Philosopher Aristotle believed that all things are composed of a mixture of one or more of four elements. It was earth, water, air, and fire.
They were like four states of matter (in the same order): solid, liquid, gaseous and plasma, though he also supposed that they are transforming into a new state, to get what we see.
Smelts are essentially mixtures of two or more metals. Do not forget that in the periodic table there are many elements.
Some elements, such as calcium and potassium, are considered metals. Of course, there are also precious metals such as silver and gold.
Also, you can make such alloys which contain a small amount of such non-metallic elements, such as carbon.
Everything in the Universe is made up of matter. All matter is made up of tiny particles called atoms.
Atoms are so minuscule that trillions of them could fit on the period at the end of this sentence.
So the pencil has become a good friend for many people, when it appeared.
It is sad that when new ways of writing came about, pencils lost their former status and they were less used.
Now people write messages on screens of computers, and they never have to deal with a sharpener.
It is only a guess what will happen to the keyboard, with the emergence of more new technologies.
Atomic bomb works on the principle that for a large number of protons and neutrons to be in one nucleus, it is necessary to
Like to push a heavy truck up a hill. Then the splitting of the nucleus releases part of this energy.
Some atoms have a non-stable nucleus, which means that they are prone to decay under little or no influence.
The surface of the Moon consists of rocks and dust. The outer layer of the Moon is called the crust.
The thickness of the crust is about 70 km under the oceans and 100 km under the continents.
She is finer under the moon's seas, and thicker under the mountains.
On the visible side there may be more moon sea, because the crust is thinner. The waves were easier to rise to
Content theories focus on the search for what makes people act or might interest them.
These theories suggest that people have certain needs and/or desires that accumulate within the course of their maturation.
The theories of this paper turn to what makes people want to do what they do, and what their surroundings makes them do or not do certain things.
Two popular theories about content - the "Maslow's Pyramid" and the "Herzberg's Two-Factor Theory of Motivation.
As a rule, two types of behavior can be observed when managers begin to manage people, previously equal to them in status. One extreme spectrum is the attempt to remain "one's man" (or
Those managers are hard to take unpopular decisions, disciplinary measures, evaluate results, assign duties and hold employees accountable.
At the other end of the spectrum, a man becomes an unrecognizable individual, who thinks that he must change everything that the team has done and take it over.
Because the manager ultimately bears responsibility for the success or failure of the team.
This conduct often leads to conflicts between leaders and other team members.
Virtual commands are held to the same standards of skill as regular commands, but there are some minor differences.
Virtual team members often perform the point of contact function for their direct physical group.
They are usually more autonomous than traditional teams, since their teams can meet in different time zones, which may not always be understood by local management.
The presence of a genuine "invisible team" (LaRosa and LaFasto, 1989, p. 109) is also an unique component of a virtual team.
The invisible team is the leadership team that reports to each member.
Why organizations go through the tedious process of creating self-learning organization? One of the goals of using self-learning organizations in practice is innovation.
When all available resources are effectively utilized across all functional areas of an organization, creativity and innovation can be manifested.
In the end, a united effort of the organization to overcome the obstacle can lead to a new innovative process that will be in the interests of the client.
Before an organization can become innovative, leaders must create a culture of innovation, knowledge exchange and experience accumulation.
Engel (2006 г.) explains the approach "Continuum" as a method used to help organizations reach a higher level of effectiveness.
These neurobiology gives physical evidence for the theoretical approach to studying consciousness. Thus, the field of study is narrowed, and it becomes much more precise.
The relationship between brain pathology and behavior is used by scientists in their studies.
It has long been known that various types of damage, injuries, traumas, lesions and tumors of the brain affect behavior and cause changes in some mental functions.
The emergence of new technologies allows us to see and explore previously unseen structures and processes of the brain.
This provides us with a large amount of data and materials for creating simulation models, helping us understand the processes taking place in our mind.
Although AI is strongly associated with science fiction, it is a very important area of computer science that studies the behavior and learning of machines and "infusing" them with intelligence." #
The AI research includes the creation of machines for automating tasks, which require intelligent behavior.
Here are some of the examples that can be given: control, planning and creating a schedule, reaction to diagnosis and questions from the client, as well as recognizing face, handwriting and voice.
These issues are dealt with in separate disciplines, which are designed to deal with the everyday challenges we face.
The AI system is now used in many areas of economy, medicine, engineering and military, being embedded in some software applications for home computers and video games.
Study tours are very important for any class. Very often teachers want to take their students there, where buses cannot go.
The technology offers a solution by means of virtual tours. Students can view museum exhibits, visit the aquarium or enjoy the beautiful art, sitting with his class.
Updating the tour on the virtual space for all to see is also a great way to refresh your memories of the tour and share your knowledge with future classes.
For example, each year students at Bennet High School in North Carolina create a website about their visit to the capital of their state, and each year the site is updated, but access to old versions is still maintained — they serve as a
Blogs can also improve writing skills of students. Although students often start their blog using untidy grammar and spelling, this usually changes due to the presence of audience.
Because students are often the most critical audience, the author of the blog begins to strive for perfection of his writing in order to avoid criticism.
And they were inspired to be smart and interesting, drawing the attention of their readers (Toto, 2004).
Blogging is an instrument that encourages collaboration and it motivates students to spread the process of acquiring knowledge far beyond the traditional school day.
A blog can provide students with the opportunity to become more analytical and critical. By actively responding to internet-based materials students can determine their position in the context of others' work, as well as express their own views on specific issues (O'Reek,
Ottawa is a delightful bilingual capital of Canada with a vast number of art galleries and museums that open the past and present of Canada.
On the south is the Niagara Falls, while the north is the home of untouched natural beauty of Muskoka and surrounding areas.
All this and much more makes Ontario something really Canadian in the eyes of foreigners.
The larger areas further north are almost never populated, and some of them are almost deserted.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
East African islands are located in the Indian Ocean, east of the African coast.
Madagascar is much bigger than other and is a unique continent in terms of wildlife.
Almost all the smaller islands are independent states or associated with France and are known as luxurious beach resorts.
Arabs also brought Islam to this region, especially it has been established on the Comoros and Mayotte.
European Influence and Colonization began in the 14th century, when Vasco da Gama discovered the way from Europe to India.
North of the region is the Sahara Desert, south and west - the Atlantic Ocean.
For women: all tourists should be advised to say that they are married, irrespective of their present marital status.
Also it is useful to wear the ring (but not too expensive).
Women should be aware that cultural differences may make them feel harassed, women are often pursued, taken by the hand and so on.
Stand firmly and refuse men and don't be afraid to stand your ground (this is not acceptable regardless of cultural differences).
The modern city of Casablanca was founded by fishermen-Berbers in the X century BC. It was used by Romans, Phoenicians and Meroe as a strategic port, called
The Portuguese destroyed it and rebuilt it as the town of Kaça-Branca, but left it after the earthquake of 1755.
The Sultan of Morocco reconstructed the city of El-Jadida, and the Spanish traders who founded here trading bases, named it Casablanca.
Casablanca is one of the least interesting places for shopping in all of Morocco.
In the old medina, you can find places where you can buy such traditional Moroccan products as tajines, pottery, leather products, hookahs and a whole range of trinkets, but all
Goma is a tourist town on the border of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, on the border with Rwanda.
In 2002 the city of Goma was buried by a volcanic eruption, which buried under its debris the entire city centre, especially the central part.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
This city is also the starting point for climbing the volcano Nuwara Eliya, and also here you can see the mountain gorillas in the wild at one of the cheapest prices in Africa.
You can take a Goma-Goma (motor taxi) for a short ride. The normal (local) price is 500 CDF for a short ride.
In relation to its relative remoteness, "Timbuktu" became a metaphor for an exotic distant land.
Today Tombuctu is a poor city, but its reputation attracts tourists, and there is an airport in it.
In 1990, he was added to the World Heritage List in Danger because of the danger of sand dunes.
The show of Henry Louis Gates, "African Wonders", was filmed at this place.
This city is very different from the rest of the country, because it is dominated by the Arab character, and not the African.
Kruger National Park is located in the north-east of South Africa, along the border with Mozambique in the east, with Zimbabwe in the north, its southern
The park’s surface area is 19 500 km2; it has 14 different ecosystems, each of which is home to different wild animals.
He is one of the main attractions of South Africa and is considered the leading among South African national parks (SANParks).
As in all South African national parks, this park has a daily fee for its protection and access.
Also, it may be advantageous to buy a Wild Card that allows you to visit national parks in South Africa either selectively or all.
The territory of Hong Kong was named in honour of the island of Hong Kong, the place many tourists consider the main object of their attention.
The grid of buildings that form the horizon line of Hong Kong are compared to a sparkling column chart, highlighted by the waters of Victoria Harbour.
To see the most beautiful places of Hong Kong, it is necessary to leave the island and go to the shores of the peninsula Zhu Long, which
The largest part of the urban districts development of the island Hong Kong is concentrated on the land taken by the sea on the north side.
This place was taken by the British colonists and if you're looking for evidence of colonial history, this is a good place to start.
Sundaram is the largest mangrove forest belt in the world, extending from the coast to the interior of the continent in Bangladesh and India.
Sunderbans was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. Part of the forest within the Indian territory is called the National Park Sunderbans." #
These forests are not just mangrove swamps - they also include some of the last remaining mighty jungles that once covered the Ganges plain
Sundarban covers an area of 3850 sq km, of which about three-quarters is covered by water or swamps.
Sundaburna is a wildlife reserve, and according to the latest counts, there are 400 Bengal tigers and approximately 30 000 red deer in the area.
The buses leave from the inter-district bus station (on the river) at all times, although most of them leave from 06:30 to 07:30.
Because inter-district buses often overcrowded, it is advisable to buy a ticket in advance.
Most of the neighborhoods are served by small Japanese buses Coaster, comfortable and reliable.
The bus is the quickest and most efficient way to get to such nearby places as Paro (150 ngultrums) and Punokha (200 ngultrums).
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
The two towers are 83 metres high, and the bridge is 378 metres long and has two lanes of traffic, 3.5 meters wide.
The height of the platform is 15 meters. Construction was completed in August 2011, it was not opened for traffic until March 2017.
According to the plan, the bridge will be fully operational by September 2017, when Brazilian customs checkpoints are expected to be completed.
Guaranian were the most significant indigenous group in the region that now occupies the eastern Paraguay, they lived as semi-nomadic hunters who also practiced
The area of Chaco served as home to different groups of local tribes, for example for the Guaycura and Paguaya, they survived by hunting, gathering and
In the XVI century, Paraguay, which until then was called "a huge province of the East Indies", was formed by the collision of Spanish conquistadors with the native
The Spaniards began the colonization period which lasted three centuries.
Since its inception, the city of Asuncion has managed to preserve a large part of its distinctive character and identity.
Argentina is well known for having one of the best teams and the best players in the world in the sport of polo.
The biggest tournament of the year is being held in December on the polo fields in Las Canitas.
Less tournaments and matches can also be seen in other seasons.
To learn about polo news and where to buy tickets for polo matches, visit the website of the Argentine Polo Association.
The official currency of Falkland Islands is Falkland Islands pound (FKP), which is equivalent to one British pound sterling (GBP).
You can exchange money in one of the island's only banks, which is located on Port Stanley opposite the FIC West store.
Usually, British Pounds are accepted everywhere on the islands. In Stanley, credit cards and US dollars are also accepted.
On remote islands, credit cards, possibly, will not be accepted, although the British and American currencies may be accepted; be sure to clarify with the owners which
The Falkland Islands currency is almost impossible to exchange outside of the islands, so exchange your money before you leave.
Because Montevideo is located south of the equator, there is summer in the northern hemisphere, and winter in the southern hemisphere.
Montevideo is located in the tropics. In the summer months, the air temperature exceeds +30 ° C is a common occurrence.
Winter can be misleadingly cold: temperatures rarely drop below zero, but the combination of wind and humidity creates the feeling of colder weather than what the thermometer shows.
There are no particularly "rainy" and "dry" seasons: the amount of rain is approximately the same all year.
Although many animals in the park are used to see people, nature is still wild, so do not feed or disturb the animals.
The park administration warns: do not approach more than 100 yards/meters to bears and wolves, and do not approach more than 25 yards/meters to all other wild animals
It doesn't matter how submissive they look, - bison, elk, bears and almost all large animals can attack.
Every year hundreds of visitors get hurt because they do not respect the personal space of these animals. These animals are big, wild and potentially dangerous, so respect their personal space.
In addition, remember that smells attract bears and other wild animals, so avoid cooking or wearing with you smelly food, and keep the camp clean.
Apia - the capital of Samoa. The city is located on the island of Upolu and has a population of about 40 000 people." #
Apia was founded in 1850's and since 1959 it is the official capital of Samoa.
The bay was the site of a bitterly remembered naval confrontation in 1889 when seven ships from Germany, the USA and Britain refused to leave
All the ships sank except one British cruiser. There were about 200 American and German sailors killed.
In the War of Independence, organized by the Movement of Mau, peaceful assembly in the city led to the murder of the supreme leader Tupou Te
There are many beaches, because Auckland is located on the banks of two harbours. The most popular beaches are located in three district
North Shore beaches are located in the area of North-Harbor in the north and extend from Long Beach to Daytonport in the south.
Almost all these beaches are sandy with safe swimming, and many of them are shaded by such trees as the baobab.
In the central area of Auckland, where the bay of Waikato is located, there are prestigious residential suburbs of Mitre-Bay and St. Heliers,
It is sometimes crowded with people's families beaches with good choice of shops, located along the shore. Swimming is safe.
The most popular local beer is "Number One", it has a simple, pleasant and refreshing taste. Another local beer is called "Manta".
There are many French wines that can be drunk, however New Zealand and Australian wines can better be transported.
Local tap water is completely safe to drink, but if you still have concerns, it is not difficult to find and bottled water.
The Australians don't get the idea of "flat white". "Little black" is an espresso, cappuccino they serve with a high layer of whipped cream
Hot chocolate meets the standards of Belgium. Although fruit juices are expensive, they have a superior quality.
On the reef, there are many trips, and injuries caused by any of these reasons are rare.
Although you should follow governmental regulations, obey all signs and pay close attention to safety warnings.
Cobaemidae are found near beaches and river mouths to the north of 1770 from October to April. Sometimes they can be found outside this
Sharks are real, but they rarely attack people. Most sharks fear people and flee.
Crocodiles of the genus Crocodylus do not live in the ocean, but their main habitat is estuaries of rivers north of Rock
Pre-booking allows travellers to not worry about where to stay when they arrive at their destination.
Tour operators often make deals with specific hotels, but you can book through the tour operator and other forms of accommodation, such as camping sites.
Travel agents often sell packages that include breakfast, transfers to/from the airport, or even combination packages that include flights and accommodation in a hotel
In addition, they can keep the reservation, if you need time to think about the offer or obtain other documents for the destination (for example, a visa
Any changes or requests should be made directly to the hotel, not to the travel agency.
Some music festivals have a policy of sleeping on the festival grounds, and most of them believe that this is an essential part of the festival.
If you want to be close to the stage, you need to arrive in advance to find a place for camping near the music.
Remember that even if the music on the main stages, may already be over, on the festival there may be areas where music will continue until late at night.
Some festivals have special camping areas for families with small children.
If you cross the northern part of the Baltic Sea in winter, learn about the location of the cabin, because the passage through the ice leads to a pretty disturbing noise, which can interfere with sleep the most sensitive
Cruises to St. Petersburg include sightseeing tours. Passengers are exempt from visa requirements (check conditions).
The casinos usually try to make their customers spend as much time as possible and spend as much money as possible in the casino. Windows and doors are not there, and exits can be difficult to find.
They usually offer special food, drinks and entertainment to keep guests in good spirits and not leave the establishment.
In some establishments, you can get free alcohol. However, intoxication may cloud your mind, and all good poker players know how important it is to remain
Everyone who plans to ride high-elevation areas or mountain passes should be aware of the possibility of snow, ice or cold.
On icy and snowy roads, friction is low, and you will not be able to drive the car as you would on asphalt.
In the winter, enough snow to get stuck, can fall in a very short period of time.
The visibility can also be limited due to snowfall, fog, condensation or ice on the windows of the vehicle.
On the other hand, weather conditions with snow and ice are normal in many countries, and road traffic continues all year round almost without breaks.
Safari is, perhaps, the biggest lure for tourists in Africa and the main event for many travelers.
The term "safari" in everyday use refers to a land trip with the purpose of seeing the breathtaking wild nature of Africa, especially in the savannah.
Some animals, such as elephants or giraffes, often approach cars, so with ordinary equipment you can get a good view.
Lion, cheetah and leopards are sometimes shy, and you should look at them better through a binocular.
Walking safari (also called "bushwalking", "hiking-safari" or "walking tour") consists of a walk of several hours to several days.
Paralympic Games will be held from 24 August to 5 September 2021. Some events will be held in different places throughout Japan.
Tokyo will be the only city in Asia that has hosted two Summer Olympic Games. The first was in 1964, and the second in 2020.
If you booked flights and accommodation for 2020 before the date was announced to be moved, you may have a difficult situation.
Regulations on cancellations may vary, but as of the end of March, most of the rules related to corona virus are not applicable to July 2020, when the Olympic Games were scheduled." #
Expected that most of the tickets for events will cost from 2,500 to 13,000 yen, with standard ticket price of about 7,500 yen.
Dry-cleaning helps clothes dry faster. Many hotels provide irons and ironing boards, even if they are not in the room.
If you don't have a steam iron or you don't like the idea of wearing freshly ironed socks, you can try a hair dryer
Do not expose the fabric to too high temperatures (which may lead to shrinkage or in very rare cases to burn).
There are different ways to clean water, some of which are more effective against specific threats.
In some places, it is enough to boil water for a minute, in others, it will require several minutes.
Filters are effective in different ways, and if you are uncertain about the quality of the water, you should think about buying bottled water and from a reputa
Travelers may encounter animals-invaders, which they have never seen in their native lands.
The pests can spoil food, cause irritation or, even worse, cause allergic reactions, release poison or transmit infection.
Infectious diseases themselves or dangerous animals, which may cause damage or death to a human being, are usually not considered pests.
Shopping "duty-free" is a way to buy certain items at certain points without taxes and duties.
For example, travellers who travel to countries with high taxation can sometimes save a considerable amount, especially on such goods as alcohol and tobacco.
The stretch between Point Marion and Fermont has the most difficult driving conditions on the Buffalo-Pittsburgh highway, often passing through isolated, dark and forested country.
If you are not used to driving on country roads, be on your guard: there are steep slopes, narrow lanes and sharp turns.
Set speed limits are noticeably lower than those on previous and subsequent sections - usually 35-40 mph (56-64 km/h) - and strict adherence to them is even more
However, as it happens, mobile phone service is much better here than on many other routes, for example in Pennsylvania, where the line is laid.
German bakery cakes are quite good. In Bavaria they are quite plentiful and varied and look like cakes from their southern neighbor, Austria.
Fruit cakes are popular all year round, and apples and pears are available in the summer.
In German baking, often used almonds, hazelnuts and other wood nuts. Popular cakes are often combined with a cup of strong coffee.
If you want small, but filling flour confectionery goods, try what is called "olad" or "bunch" with filling.
Karri - is a dish based on herbs and spices in combination with meat or vegetables.
In the case of the content of the liquid, curry can be "dry" or "wet.
In the interior of Pakistan and the North-West Frontier Province of India, curries are made with yogurt. In the South-Eastern and coastal regions of the sub
Indonesian cuisine, with 17 000 islands to choose from, is a general term used to describe a vast variety of regional cuisines that are found throughout the country.
But without further clarification, this term is usually understood to refer to food from central and eastern parts of the main island of Java.
The cuisine of Vanuatu is a fusion of Polynesian and Melanesian influences. The most common ingredients are coconut, sugar, and spices. The most popular dishes are coconut rice, coconut curry, coconut soup, coconut milk
Ride-through bars are the rider's leg supports that hang from both sides of the saddle.
They provide the horse with better resilience, but there are potential safety issues as there is the possibility of the horse getting stuck in the stirrup.
If the horse throws its rider, but his boot is caught in the stirrup, the bolting horse can drag him along. To minimize this risk, you can take certain precautions.
First, most riders wear riding boots with a flat sole, which are quite thin and smooth.
Also, some saddles, especially English, have protective bars, which prevent the saddle from falling off, if the rider pulls back on the saddle, if the rider falls off.
The Cochamo Valley is the main direction in Chile for climbing. It is known as the Yosemite of South America and has a large number of big granite walls and cliffs.
On top you can enjoy the stunning mountain views. Climbing enthusiasts from all over the world continuously create new routes in its enormous potential for climbing.
Mountain winter sports, including skiing and snowboarding, are popular winter sports that involve sliding down a snowy slope on skis or snowboards.
Alpine skiing is the main tourist destination for many skiers (sometimes called "skiing lazymen"), planning to spend the whole holiday around skiing in a certain place.
The idea of skiing is very old: the stone inscriptions depicting skiers are dated by 5000 BC.
Skiing as a sport goes back at least to the 16th century, and in 1861 the first ski club in Australia was opened.
Skiing is also called backcountry skiing, skitouring or hiking on skis.
It is related, but usually does not include hiking up the peak and then descending on unprepared slopes, because skiing on the flat requires more stiff skis and boots.
Imagine that the ski route is a walking route.
If you have good conditions, you can travel a lot faster than you can walk, but you can only achieve this speed when you don't carry a heavy backpack and there is a well-paved trail.
Europe is a relatively small continent, but on it there are many independent countries. In normal circumstances, travelling through many countries meant that you would have to apply for visas and multiple passport controls.
But the Schengen area in this respect functions as one country.
Being in this zone, you usually can cross the border, without going through the passport control again.
In the same way, if you have a Schengen visa, you do not need to apply for a visa in each of the countries - signatories of the Schengen Agreement separately, which will allow you to save time and money, as well as avoid paperwork.
There is no universal definition of what is an antique. Some tax authorities define goods over 100 years old as an antique.
This concept has a number of geographic variants, in which the age limit in such places as North America, may be less than in Europe.
Artifacts can be identified as antiques despite the fact that they are younger than mass-produced items.
Reindeer husbandry is an important source of livelihood for the Sámi people, and the culture surrounding this activity is also important for many other professions.
Although this is a tradition, not all members of the Sami people were involved in the mass breeding of reindeer; they lived fishing, hunting and other similar activities, using reindeer mainly as beasts of burden.
Today many Sami people are employed in modern professions. Tourism is an important source of income in the Sami region of Lapland.
The word "Gypsy" is widely used, especially among the non-Czechs, it is often considered offensive because of associations with negative stereotypes and incorrect perceptions of the Romani people.
If a country is identified as being at risk of terrorist attacks, this may affect your health insurance during your trip or your cancellation insurance.
Maybe you should also consult with other governments, besides your own, but their recommendations are aimed at their own citizens.
One example: citizens of the United States in the Middle East may face situations, which they cannot face in Europe or the Arab world.
Only a brief description of the political situation in one country is mentioned in the news reports.
The opinions expressed here are often superficial, vague and oversimplified in comparison with the widely available more detailed information.
Unfavorable weather conditions are a general term for any dangerous phenomenon of the weather, capable of causing any damage, to cause serious social upheavals or to lead to
Bad weather conditions are everywhere around the world, and they come in a variety of species, depending on geography, terrain and weather conditions.
Strong winds, hail, heavy rains and forest fires are manifestations and effects of severe weather phenomena such as storms, tornadoes, thunderstorm
To the regional and seasonal dangerous weather phenomena are snowstorms, blizzards, ice storms and dust storms.
Travellers are strongly advised to take into account any risks associated with the weather in their area, as it may affect their plans.
Everyone planning to visit a country that may be considered as a zone of armed conflicts should undergo professional training.
Searching the internet for the phrase "course on security in hostile environment", it may give you the address of a local company.
In the course, there are usually much more detailed discussions of all the topics covered here, often with practice.
The course usually lasts from 2 to 5 days and includes playing scenarios, a large amount of information on first aid and sometimes training with weapons.
Books and magazines, which tell about survival in the wild, are quite common, but there are not many publications about the combat zones.
People planning to undergo a sex reassignment surgery abroad should ensure that they have valid documents for their return.
The government is ready to issue passports without specifying the sex (X) or documents, updated with the desired name and sex, in different places are different.
The readiness of foreign governments to fulfill their commitments to these documents is so varied.
The checkpoints have become more rigorous after September 11th.
Transgenders who are preparing for surgery should not expect that they can pass through the scanners and at the same time their private life and dignity will not be affected.
A breakwater is a wave-generated current that breaks against a shore or sometimes against a rock or something of the sort.
The reverse flow is concentrated in several deeper areas where fast flow can form, due to the similar underwater topology.
The majority of deaths occur when attempting to return to the water against the current, which may not be possible.
As soon as you leave the current, it will be easier to float back than usual.
Try to go there where you will not be caught again, or depending on your skills and whether you were noticed, you may want to wait for rescue.
The shock of returning home is earlier, than the cultural shock (here the shorter romantic period lasts longer and is more difficult), lasts longer and is more severe.
Travelers who easily adapt to a new culture sometimes find it difficult to adapt to their own culture.
When you return home after living abroad, you have adapted to a new culture and lost some of your native culture.
When you first went abroad, people, probably, treated you with patience and understanding, knowing that travelers need to adapt to a new country.
For people may be unexpected that patience and understanding are necessary to be shown to travelers who have returned home.
Sound &amp; light show on the background of the pyramid is one of the most interesting events in this area for children.
Pyramids can be seen in total darkness, and you can also see them in silence before the show.
The noise of tourists and vendors is always audible.
Sfinks is the background and the storyteller of the long history.
Scenes are shown on the pyramids, and different pyramids are lit.
The South Shetland Islands are claimed by several countries. There are more bases on these islands than anywhere else in the world. In 2020, sixteen of them will be operational
The archipelago is located 120 kilometers from the peninsula. The largest island is named King George with the settlement of Villas-Estrelas.
Others include the island of Livingston and Desepsean, where the active volcano is a spectacular natural harbor.
The land of Eluthera is the southernmost region of the Antarctic Peninsula, surrounded by the sea of Bellingshausen.
The mountains of this peninsula here merge with the plateau, and then rise again and form a 360-kilometer mountain system Elkhorn, divided by the Minnessota Icefield into two
In the northern part, that is on the ridge of Sentinel, the highest mountains of Antarctica - massif Vinson, the highest point of which reaches 4892 m and is
In remote areas, outside the coverage area of a mobile phone, a satellite phone may be your only option.
In general, a satellite phone is not a substitute for a mobile phone, because you need to be outside in line of sight with the satellite to make a call.
The service is often used in maritime transport, including fast-moving ships, where there is a need for remote data transmission and voice communications.
Often, you can get additional information about the connection of this service, by calling your local telecommunications operator.
An increasingly popular option for those who plan to take a year off, is to travel and study.
This is especially popular among high school graduates, allowing them to take a year off before enrolling in university, not putting at risk their education.
In many cases, it may be possible to apply for a course abroad during your vacation, which may increase your chances of getting into a university in your home country.
In general, tuition fees are charged for such programs.
Finland is a good place for boat tourism. In "land of a thousand lakes" there are also thousands of islands in lakes and in archipelagos.
If you want to explore archipelagos or go to lakes, you can do without a boat.
Although the coastal archipelagos and the largest lakes can accommodate any yacht, smaller boats or even kayaks leave a completely different impression.
Sailing is a national pastime in Finland. In particular, one boat is used for seven or eight people.
The same situation exists in Norway, Sweden and New Zealand, but in other cases it is quite unique (for example, in the Netherlands it is from one to forty).
Most Baltic cruises include a prolonged stay in Saint Petersburg.
This means that you can spend a full day in this historical city, and then you can return to the ship.
If you go to the shore only as an excursion by boat, you do not need a separate visa (from 2009).
Some cruise brochures feature Berlin, Germany. As you can see on the map above, Berlin is far from the sea and a visit to the city is not included in the price of the cruise.
A trip on a plane can be terrifying for anyone of any age and social status, especially if it is his first flight in his life or if he has had any traumatic event in the past.
It is not worth being ashamed of: it is no different from personal hatred and fear of other things that are very many people.
Understanding how a plane works and what happens during flight can help overcome fear that arises from unknown or inability to control the process.
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
On some routes, there are their own aircraft for larger companies, but for other routes and smaller companies, this was a problem.
If they were to send anything as an air cargo, it would take several days to load and clear customs on some routes.
The only way to get it straight is to send it as checked baggage. The carrier’s rules do not allow to send baggage without passenger, so here you need your participation.
The most obvious way to fly in first or business class is to pay for it (or better - to force your company to pay for you).
But this is not cheap at all - in rough approximation you will pay four times more for economy class and eleven times more for first class!
 " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " " 
Airlines know that there is a certain core group of passengers who are willing to pay a lot of money for the privilege of getting to somewhere quickly and comfortably, so they charge a premium
The capital of Moldova is Chisinau. Local language is Romanian, but Russian is also widely used.
Moldova is a multi-ethnic state which has fallen victim to ethnic conflict.
In 1994, this conflict led to the creation of a self-proclaimed People's Republic of Moldova on the eastern side of Moldova, which has its own government and currency, but is not
While the failure of political negotiations has not yet led to the restoration of economic ties between these two parts of the country,
The main religion in Moldova is the Orthodox Christianity.
Izmir is the third largest city in Turkey with a population of about 3,7 million people, the largest after Istanbul port and a good transportation hub.
Since ancient times, the city of Split is a modern, developed and lively commercial centre, located along the vast bay and surrounded by the mountains.
The wide boulevards, glass facades of modern shopping malls, interspersed with traditional roofs with red tiles, a 17th century market, old mosques and churches, although the city has more of a Mediterranean feel than traditional Turkey
From the village Haldorsvik a view of the nearby island of Estura opens as well as the unusual octagonal church.
On some graves there are interesting marble sculptures of birds.
Worth a half hour and a stroll through an unusual village.
It’s relatively close to the north, and it’s a romantic and charming town, which was immortalised by Lord Byron and has since become famous the world over.
The Scotturb No 403 bus makes regular flights to Sintra and stops at the Cape of Roca.
Visit the Great Fatima Shrine (the burial place of the Virgin Mary) north of Fatima.
Please remember that you, in principle, are on the site of a brother's grave, and also on a place that is unspeakably important for a considerable percentage of the inhabitants of the globe.
There are still many men and women who survived their stay here, but there are also more people whose relatives were killed here or worked here to death, whether they were Jews or people of other nationalities.
Please treat this place with all the dignity, seriousness and respect it deserves. Do not joke about the Holocaust and the Nazis.
Do not vandalize this place, painting or scratching graffiti on objects around.
The official languages of Barcelona are Catalan and Spanish. About half of the population prefers to speak Catalan, most understand it, and most know Spanish.
However, most signs are only shown in Catalan, because it is the first official language.
However, Spanish is also widely used in public transport and other public places.
The usual announcements in the metro are only in Catalan, but unplanned interruptions are announced by an automatic system in several languages, including Spanish, English, French, Arabic and Japanese.
Parisians are known to be egotistical, rude and arrogant.
Let it be said that this is a false stereotype, but the best way to adapt to Paris is to behave as a "bien élevé" (well-bred) person. This will make it easier to adapt to this city." #
The unfriendly appearance of Parisians will vanish, if you show a little politeness.
Plitvice Lakes National Park is a mixture of alpine and Mediterranean vegetation.
The diversity of microclimates, different soils and altitudes make it possible to have a particularly wide range of plant communities.
The area is rich in various types of animals and birds.
Here you can see the rare species of the fauna, for example, European brown bear, wolf, eagle, owl, fox, wild cat and grouse, as well as many other common species.
Visiting monasteries, women should be wearing skirts below the knees and covered shoulders.
In most monasteries women are given a robe if they come without preparation, but if you bring your own, especially brightly coloured, a monk or nun will smile at you.
In the same way, men should wear trousers that covered the knees.
They can also be taken at the entrance, however this clothing is not washed after each use, so you may not be comfortable in these skirts. One size for all men!
The cuisine of Majorca, as well as the cuisine of similar regions of the Mediterranean, is based on vegetables, bread and meat (especially pork), with a widespread use of olive oil." #
One of the most popular dishes is Pa-Ambol, a bread with olive oil, tomatoes and any kind of filling, such as cheese, tuna and so on.
All nouns, as well as the word Sie, which means You, always are written in capital letters even in the middle of a sentence.
It is important to distinguish between verbs and adjectives.
It is also likely to simplify reading, while writing is slightly complicated by the fact that we have to determine whether the verb or the adjective is in the subjunctive form.
The pronunciation of Italian is relatively simple, because most of the words are pronounced exactly as they are written.
You should be especially careful with letters c and g, because their pronunciation changes depending on the following vowel.
Don't forget that r and rr are pronounced differently: caro means "dear", and carro means "cart.
In Persian language, the grammar is relatively easy and mostly regular.
So reading this Persian grammar manual will help you to learn many new things and better understand expressions.
It is obvious that if you speak a Romance group language, you will be easier to learn Portuguese.
However, people who know a little Spanish can quickly conclude that Portuguese is similar and that it can be learned separately.
Ancient Observatories, in general, are considered obsolete and serve as museums or educational institutions.
Because the light pollution during their peak was not as bad as it is today, they usually are located in cities or in campuses, which are easier to get to than those built in the modern era.
Many of the modern astronomical telescopes are huge structures in remote locations with favorable atmosphere conditions.
Hanami" - "viewing the flowering of the cherry tree, called "Hanami", entered Japanese culture in the 8th century.
The idea came from China, where the favorite flower was the peach.
In Japan, the first celebrations of the cherry blossoms were held only for the imperial court and other members of the aristocracy.
Plants look best in their natural habitat, so don't be tempted to take just one.
You will be expelled without any discussion if you visit an official garden collection.
Singapore is a very safe place to be, where you can easily navigate, and almost everything you can buy after you arrive.
But, being in the "deep tropics" only a few degrees north of the equator, you will have to deal with both heat (always) and strong sun (rarely)." #
There are also several buses heading north to Hebron, where the patriarchs Abraham, Isaac and Jacob were buried, as well as their wives.
Make sure that the bus you are about to board is going to Hebron, not just to the nearby Jewish settlement of Kiriath-Arba.
Inland navigational routes can become a good topic for any celebration.
For example, visiting castles in the Loire Valley, the Rhine Valley, a cruise on the Danube, or a boat trip along the canal.
They also determine routes for popular foot and bicycle paths.
Christmas is one of the most important holidays in Christianity, and it is celebrated as the birthday of Jesus.
Many traditions associated with this festival were also adopted by non-Christians in Christian countries and by non-Christians around the world.
There is a tradition to spend the night of Easter not sleeping, in order to see the sunrise.
Of course, this tradition has a Christian theological explanation, but it is also a spring and fertility ritual.
More traditional churches often hold Easter services on Saturday evening during the Easter weekend, with the congregation usually starting at midnight celebrating the Resurrection of Christ.
All animals that originally came to these islands, got here by swimming, by flying or by being washed by the current.
Because of the great distance from the continent, mammals could not get there, making the giant tortoise the main grazing animal on the Galápagos Islands
From the time of the arrival of man on the Galapagos Islands, many mammals have been imported, including cows, sheep, goats, rats,
If you visit the Arctic or Antarctica in winter, you will learn about the polar night, when the sun does not rise above the horizon.
This is a good opportunity to see the northern lights, because the sky will be dark all day round.
Because these areas are sparsely populated, and, as a result, light pollution is rarely a problem, you will also be able to enjoy the stars.
Japanese work culture is more hierarchical and formal than what we are used to in the West.
Coats are standard business attire, and colleagues address each other by their first names or by their titles." #
Very important is the harmony at work place, and group work is valued higher than individual achievements." #
Often, employees must get permission from the boss before taking any decisions and must obey his orders.
